LJ047-0102|When I began asking him specific details with respect to his activities in the Fair Play for Cuba Committee in New Orleans as to where meetings were held,|wɛn aɪ bɪɡan askɪŋ hɪm spəsɪfɪk diːteɪlz wɪð ɹɪspɛkt tə hɪz aktɪvɪtiz ɪnðə feə pleɪ fɔː kjuːbə kəmɪti ɪn njuː ɔːliənz az tʊ weə miːtɪŋz wɜː hɛld,
LJ050-0275|materially improve upon the procedures in effect at the time of President Kennedys assassination and result in a substantial lessening of the danger.|mətiəɹɪəli ɪmpɹuːv əpɒn ðə pɹəsiːdʒəz ɪn ɪfɛkt at ðə taɪm ɒv pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədɪz ɐsasɪneɪʃən and ɹɪzʌlt ɪn ɐ səbstanʃəl lɛsənɪŋ ɒvðə deɪndʒə.
LJ050-0133|In his testimony Secretary of the Treasury C. Douglas Dillon informed the Commission|ɪn hɪz tɛstɪmənɪ sɛkɹətɹɪ ɒvðə tɹɛʒəɹi siː. dʌɡləz dɪlən ɪnfɔːmd ðə kəmɪʃən
LJ043-0127|and that he, quote, may be a damn Communist. I cant tell you. If I was you, I wouldnt hire him, end quote.|and ðat hiː, kwəʊt, meɪ biː ɐ dam kɒmjuːnɪst. aɪ kant tɛl juː. ɪf aɪ wɒz juː, aɪ wʊdnt haɪə hɪm, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ014-0071|In his confession after sentence he declared that she plied him well with brandy at this period,|ɪn hɪz kənfɛʃən aftə sɛntəns hiː dɪkleəd ðat ʃiː plaɪd hɪm wɛl wɪð bɹandi at ðɪs piəɹɪəd,
LJ046-0236|none of the cases in the PRS general files was available for systematic review on a geographic basis when the President planned a particular trip.|nʌn ɒvðə keɪsɪz ɪnðə piːɑːɹɛs dʒɛnəɹəl faɪlz wɒz ɐveɪləbəl fɔː sɪstəmatɪk ɹɪvjuː ɒn ɐ dʒɪəɡɹafɪk beɪsɪs wɛn ðə pɹɛzɪdənt pland ɐ pətɪkjʊlə tɹɪp.
LJ042-0084|referring to them as experiences that he did not intend to have himself, even though he stated that he had never held a civilian job.|ɹɪfɜːɹɪŋ tə ðɛm az ɛkspiəɹɪənsɪz ðat hiː dɪdnɒt ɪntɛnd tə hav hɪmsɛlf, iːvən ðəʊ hiː steɪtɪd ðat hiː hɐd nɛvə hɛld ɐ sɪvɪliən dʒɒb.
LJ017-0239|and although the mutineers spared him, they ill-treated the Chinamen, and cut one badly with knives.|and ɒlðəʊ ðə mjuːtɪniəz speəd hɪm, ðeɪ ɪltɹiːtɪd ðə tʃaɪneɪmɛn, and kʌt wɒn badli wɪð naɪvz.
LJ004-0194|No irons were worn except as a punishment.|nəʊ aɪənz wɜː wɔːn ɛksɛpt az ɐ pʌnɪʃmənt.
LJ003-0162|the convicted felon, the transport awaiting removal, the lunatic whose case was still undecided,|ðə kənvɪktɪd fɛlən, ðə tɹanspɔːt ɐweɪtɪŋ ɹɪmuːvəl, ðə luːnətɪk huːz keɪs wɒz stɪl ʌndɪsaɪdɪd,
LJ006-0262|all of them instruments calculated to facilitate attempts at breaking out of prison,|ɔːl ɒv ðɛm ɪnstɹəmənts kalkjʊleɪtɪd tə fəsɪlɪteɪt ɐtɛmpts at bɹeɪkɪŋ aʊtəv pɹɪzən,
LJ030-0102|was in a car following those, quote, containing the local and national representatives, end quote,|wɒz ɪn ɐ kɑː fɒləʊɪŋ ðəʊz, kwəʊt, kənteɪnɪŋ ðə ləʊkəl and naʃənəl ɹɛpɹɪzɛntətɪvz, ɛnd kwəʊt,
LJ035-0009|Baker was riding a two-wheeled motorcycle behind the last press car of the motorcade.|beɪkə wɒz ɹaɪdɪŋ ɐ tuːwiːld məʊtəsaɪkəl bɪhaɪnd ðə last pɹɛs kɑːɹ ɒvðə məʊtəkeɪd.
LJ023-0062|and which could not be met by merely local action.|and wɪtʃ kʊd nɒt biː mɛt baɪ miəli ləʊkəl akʃən.
LJ019-0307|The result of the recommendation of the committee of eighteen sixty-two was the Prison Act of eighteen sixty-five,|ðə ɹɪzʌlt ɒvðə ɹɛkəmɛndeɪʃən ɒvðə kəmɪti ɒv eɪtiːn sɪkstituː wʌzðə pɹɪzən akt ɒv eɪtiːn sɪkstifaɪv,
LJ044-0016|which was berthed at the Dumaine Street wharf in New Orleans, on June sixteen, nineteen sixty-three.|wɪtʃ wɒz bɜːθd at ðə djuːmeɪn stɹiːt wɔːf ɪn njuː ɔːliənz, ɒn dʒjuːn sɪkstiːn, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː.
LJ031-0145|On the recommendation of the Secret Service agents, Vice President Johnson decided to board the Presidential airplane, Air Force One,|ɒnðə ɹɛkəmɛndeɪʃən ɒvðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs eɪdʒənts, vaɪs pɹɛzɪdənt dʒɒnsən dɪsaɪdɪd tə bɔːd ðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl eəpleɪn, eə fɔːs wɒn,
LJ003-0236|Garnish continued to be demanded long after it had disappeared in other and better-regulated prisons.|ɡɑːnɪʃ kəntɪnjuːd təbi dɪmandɪd lɒŋ aftəɹ ɪt hɐd dɪsɐpiəd ɪn ʌðə and bɛtəɹɛɡjuːleɪtɪd pɹɪzənz.
LJ041-0004|After his return to New Orleans Oswald was teased at school because of the northern accent which he had acquired.|aftə hɪz ɹɪtɜːn tə njuː ɔːliənz ɒswəld wɒz tiːzd at skuːl bɪkʌz ɒvðə nɔːðən aksənt wɪtʃ hiː hɐd ɐkwaɪəd.
LJ008-0279|In this latter it might fairly be said that a man was put to death less for his own sins than for the crimes of others.|ɪn ðɪs latəɹ ɪt maɪt feəli biː sɛd ðatə man wɒz pʊt tə dɛθ lɛs fɔː hɪz əʊn sɪnz ðɐn fəðə kɹaɪmz ɒv ʌðəz.
LJ034-0077|Oswald said, quote, No, sir. When you get downstairs, close the gate to the elevator, end quote.|ɒswəld sɛd, kwəʊt, nəʊ, sɜː. wɛn juː ɡɛt daʊnsteəz, kləʊs ðə ɡeɪt tə ðɪ ɛlɪveɪtə, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ045-0078|Oswald read the letter, but refused to believe that it was sincere, even though his wife insisted to him that it was.|ɒswəld ɹiːd ðə lɛtə, bʌt ɹɪfjuːzd tə bɪliːv ðɐtɪt wɒz sɪnsiə, iːvən ðəʊ hɪz waɪf ɪnsɪstɪd tə hɪm ðɐtɪt wɒz.
LJ039-0201|fired two series of three shots at twenty-five yards in four point six and four point eight seconds.|faɪəd tuː siəɹiz ɒv θɹiː ʃɒts at twɛntifaɪv jɑːdz ɪn fɔː pɔɪnt sɪks and fɔː pɔɪnt eɪt sɛkəndz.
LJ027-0082|and any other series of organs of vertebrates would give the same evidence of fundamental resemblances homologies.|and ɛni ʌðə siəɹiz ɒv ɔːɡənz ɒv vɜːtɪbɹeɪts wʊd ɡɪv ðə seɪm ɛvɪdəns ɒv fʌndəmɛntəl ɹɪsɛmblənsɪz həmɒlədʒɪz.
LJ002-0008|On the fourteenth June, eighteen hundred, there were one hundred ninety-nine debtors and two hundred eighty-nine felons in the prison.|ɒnðə fɔːtiːnθ dʒjuːn, eɪtiːn hʌndɹəd, ðeəwɜː wɒn hʌndɹəd naɪntinaɪn dɛtəz and tuː hʌndɹəd eɪtinaɪn fɛlənz ɪnðə pɹɪzən.
LJ006-0254|Other regulations laid down by the Jail Acts were still defied. One of these was that prisoners should be restricted to the jail allowance of food,|ʌðə ɹɛɡjuːleɪʃənz leɪd daʊn baɪ ðə dʒeɪl akts wɜː stɪl dɪfaɪd. wɒn ɒv ðiːz wɒz ðat pɹɪzənəz ʃʊd biː ɹɪstɹɪktɪd tə ðə dʒeɪl ɐlaʊəns ɒv fuːd,
LJ001-0053|they must be considered to have ended the age of fine printing in Italy.|ðeɪ mʌst biː kənsɪdəd tə hav ɛndɪd ðɪ eɪdʒ ɒv faɪn pɹɪntɪŋ ɪn ɪtəli.
LJ045-0217|both she and Mrs Paine thought he had come home to make up after the fight on Monday.|bəʊθ ʃiː and mɪsɪz peɪn θɔːt hiː hɐd kʌm həʊm tə meɪk ʌp aftə ðə faɪt ɒn mʌndeɪ.
LJ028-0290|he came in this plight before Darius.|hiː keɪm ɪn ðɪs plaɪt bɪfɔː deəɹɪəs.
LJ035-0075|A test was also conducted to determine the time required to walk from the southeast corner of the sixth floor to the second-floor lunchroom by stairway.|ɐ tɛst wɒz ɒlsəʊ kəndʌktɪd tə dɪtɜːmɪn ðə taɪm ɹɪkwaɪəd tə wɔːk fɹʌmðə saʊθiːst kɔːnəɹ ɒvðə sɪksθ flɔː tə ðə sɛkəndflɔː lʌntʃ ɹuːm baɪ steəweɪ.
LJ020-0031|Into the crater dug out in the middle, pour the sponge, warm water, the molasses, and soda dissolved in hot water.|ɪntʊ ðə kɹeɪtə dʌɡ aʊt ɪnðə mɪdəl, pɔː ðə spʌndʒ, wɔːm wɔːtə, ðə məlasɪz, and səʊdə dɪsɒlvd ɪn hɒt wɔːtə.
LJ007-0177|We trust, however, that the day is at hand when this stain will be removed from the character of the city of London,|wiː tɹʌst, haʊɛvə, ðatðə deɪ ɪz at hand wɛn ðɪs steɪn wɪl biː ɹɪmuːvd fɹʌmðə kaɹɪktəɹ ɒvðə sɪti ɒv lʌndən,
LJ014-0300|Sentence of death had been recorded against Donovan, who, like Watts, had seemingly been overcome with sudden despair.|sɛntəns ɒv dɛθ hɐdbɪn ɹɪkɔːdɪd ɐɡɛnst dɒnəvan, huː, laɪk wɒts, hɐd siːmɪŋlɪ biːn əʊvəkʌm wɪð sʌdən dɪspeə.
LJ045-0227|and suggests the possibility, as did his note to his wife just prior to the attempt on General Walker, that he did not expect to escape at all.|and sədʒɛsts ðə pɒsəbɪlɪti, az dɪd hɪz nəʊt tə hɪz waɪf dʒʌst pɹaɪə tə ðɪ ɐtɛmpt ɒn dʒɛnəɹəl wɔːkə, ðat hiː dɪdnɒt ɛkspɛkt tʊ ɛskeɪp at ɔːl.
LJ036-0173|but in either event he would have been in the roominghouse at about one p m|bʌt ɪn aɪðəɹ ɪvɛnt hiː wʊdhɐv biːn ɪnðə ɹuːmɪŋhaʊs at ɐbaʊt wɒn piː ɛm
LJ014-0333|Again, some of the duplicate and fictitious warrants were held by a firm which suspended payment, and there was no knowing into whose hands they might fall.|ɐɡɛn, sʌm ɒvðə djuːplɪkeɪt and fɪktɪʃəs wɒɹənts wɜː hɛld baɪ ɐ fɜːm wɪtʃ səspɛndɪd peɪmənt, and ðeəwɒz nəʊ nəʊɪŋ ɪntʊ huːz handz ðeɪ maɪt fɔːl.
LJ007-0100|These were the gentlemen concerned in the bribery case at Ipswich in eighteen thirty-five,|ðiːz wɜː ðə dʒɛntəlmən kənsɜːnd ɪnðə bɹaɪbəɹɪ keɪs at ɪpswɪtʃ ɪn eɪtiːn θɜːtifaɪv,
LJ029-0166|On November twenty a front page story reported that the streets on which the Presidential motorcade would travel included Main and Stemmons Freeway.|ɒn nəʊvɛmbə twɛnti ɐ fɹʌnt peɪdʒ stɔːɹɪ ɹɪpɔːtɪd ðatðə stɹiːts ɒn wɪtʃ ðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl məʊtəkeɪd wʊd tɹavəl ɪnkluːdɪd meɪn and stɛmənz fɹiːweɪ.
LJ010-0122|The Government were probably not proud of their agent, for Edwards, after the conviction had been assured, went abroad to enjoy, it was said,|ðə ɡʌvənmənt wɜː pɹɒbəbli nɒt pɹaʊd ɒv ðeəɹ eɪdʒənt, fɔːɹ ɛdwədz, aftə ðə kənvɪkʃən hɐdbɪn əʃjʊəd, wɛnt ɐbɹɔːd tʊ ɛndʒɔɪ, ɪt wɒz sɛd,
LJ028-0300|as it is, I kept my own counsel, and so accomplished my plans.|azɪtɪz, aɪ kɛpt maɪ əʊn kaʊnsəl, and səʊ ɐkɒmplɪʃt maɪ planz.
LJ018-0038|and Müller at the time of his capture was actually wearing Mr Briggs hat, cut down and somewhat altered.|and muːləɹ at ðə taɪm ɒv hɪz kaptʃə wɒz aktʃuːəli weəɹɪŋ mɪstə bɹɪɡz hat, kʌt daʊn and sʌmwɒt ɒltəd.
LJ047-0027|In this way, it learned that when Oswald had arrived in the Soviet Union|ɪn ðɪs weɪ, ɪt lɜːnd ðat wɛn ɒswəld hɐd ɐɹaɪvd ɪnðə səʊviət juːniən
LJ035-0047|and as I got to this door here I caught a glimpse of this man, just, you know, a sudden glimpse. And it looked to me like he was going away from me.|and az aɪ ɡɒt tə ðɪs dɔː hiəɹ aɪ kɔːt ɐ ɡlɪmps ɒv ðɪs man, dʒʌst, juː nəʊ, ɐ sʌdən ɡlɪmps. and ɪt lʊkt tə miː laɪk hiː wɒz ɡəʊɪŋ ɐweɪ fɹɒm miː.
LJ038-0198|sixty dollars on the second of the month. You and the baby can live for another two months using ten dollars per week.|sɪksti dɒləz ɒnðə sɛkənd ɒvðə mʌnθ. juː and ðə beɪbi kan lɪv fɔːɹ ɐnʌðə tuː mʌnθs juːzɪŋ tɛn dɒləz pɜː wiːk.
LJ016-0160|The noose was one of his hammock straps, which he buckled round his throat.|ðə nuːs wɒz wɒn ɒv hɪz hamək stɹaps, wɪtʃ hiː bʌkəld ɹaʊnd hɪz θɹəʊt.
LJ007-0010|by their presence and their pious, disinterested efforts, to restrain the dissolute manners and vicious language of the unhappy and depraved inmates.|baɪ ðeə pɹɛzəns and ðeə paɪəs, dɪsɪntɹəstɪd ɛfəts, tə ɹɪstɹeɪn ðə dɪsəluːt manəz and vɪʃəs laŋɡwɪdʒ ɒvðɪ ʌnhapi and dɪpɹeɪvd ɪnmeɪts.
LJ017-0165|As she became worse and worse, Smethurst called in the best medical advice in Richmond,|az ʃiː bɪkeɪm wɜːs and wɜːs, smɛθɜːst kɔːld ɪnðə bɛst mɛdɪkəl ɐdvaɪs ɪn ɹɪtʃmənd,
LJ014-0063|After the marriage a close intimacy was still maintained between OConnor and the Mannings.|aftə ðə maɹɪdʒ ɐ kləʊs ɪntɪməsi wɒz stɪl meɪnteɪnd bɪtwiːn əʊ kɒnə and ðə manɪŋz.
LJ050-0028|no sizable organization can achieve efficiency without the careful analysis and demarcation of responsibility|nəʊ saɪzəbəl ɔːɡɐnaɪzeɪʃən kan ɐtʃiːv ɪfɪʃənsi wɪðaʊt ðə keəfəl ɐnaləsɪs and dɪmɑːkeɪʃən ɒv ɹɪspɒnsəbɪlɪti
LJ002-0095|and the rest being provided with barrack beds, and in dimensions varying from thirty feet by fifteen to fifteen feet by ten.|and ðə ɹɛst biːɪŋ pɹəvaɪdɪd wɪð baɹək bɛdz, and ɪn daɪmɛnʃənz veəɹiɪŋ fɹɒm θɜːti fiːt baɪ fɪftiːn tə fɪftiːn fiːt baɪ tɛn.
LJ024-0018|Consequently, although there never can be more than fifteen, there may be only fourteen, or thirteen, or twelve.|kɒnsɪkwəntli, ɒlðəʊ ðeə nɛvə kan biː mɔː ðɐn fɪftiːn, ðeə meɪ biː əʊnli fɔːtiːn, ɔː θɜːtiːn, ɔː twɛlv.
LJ017-0127|But the chain of circumstantial evidence was strong enough to satisfy the jury, who agreed to their verdict in an hour.|bʌt ðə tʃeɪn ɒv sɜːkəmstanʃəl ɛvɪdəns wɒz stɹɒŋ ɪnʌf tə satɪsfaɪ ðə dʒʊəɹi, huː ɐɡɹiːd tə ðeə vɜːdɪkt ɪn ɐn aʊə.
LJ009-0090|The dying men are dreadfully agitated.|ðə daɪɪŋ mɛn ɑː dɹɛdfəlɪ adʒɪteɪtɪd.
LJ040-0125|Truancy charges were brought against him alleging that he was, quote, beyond the control of his mother insofar as school attendance is concerned, end quote.|tɹuːənsi tʃɑːdʒɪz wɜː bɹɔːt ɐɡɛnst hɪm ɐlɛdʒɪŋ ðat hiː wɒz, kwəʊt, bɪjɒnd ðə kəntɹəʊl ɒv hɪz mʌðəɹ ɪnsəfɑːɹ az skuːl ɐtɛndəns ɪz kənsɜːnd, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ005-0041|a much-needed and, according to our ideas, indispensable reform, already initiated by the Ladies Committee at Newgate.|ɐ mʌtʃniːdɪd and, ɐkɔːdɪŋ tʊ aʊəɹ aɪdiəz, ɪndɪspɛnsəbəl ɹɪfɔːm, ɔːlɹɛdi ɪnɪʃɪeɪtɪd baɪ ðə leɪdɪz kəmɪti at njuːɡeɪt.
LJ032-0007|In this chapter the Commission evaluates the evidence upon which it has based its conclusion concerning the identity of the assassin.|ɪn ðɪs tʃaptə ðə kəmɪʃən ɪvaljuːeɪts ðɪ ɛvɪdəns əpɒn wɪtʃ ɪt hɐz beɪst ɪts kənkluːʒən kənsɜːnɪŋ ðɪ aɪdɛntɪti ɒvðɪ ɐsasɪn.
LJ049-0078|have properly taken the initiative in reexamining major aspects of Presidential protection.|hav pɹɒpəli teɪkən ðɪ ɪnɪʃiətɪv ɪn ɹiːɛɡzamɪnɪŋ meɪdʒəɹ aspɛkts ɒv pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl pɹətɛkʃən.
LJ002-0330|female visitors carried them out of the prisons, or the debtors destroyed them when the weather was warm,|fiːmeɪl vɪzɪtəz kaɹɪd ðɛm aʊtəv ðə pɹɪzənz, ɔː ðə dɛtəz dɪstɹɔɪd ðɛm wɛn ðə wɛðə wɒz wɔːm,
LJ028-0303|I think they will believe my words and entrust me with a command of troops. Thou, on thy part, must wait|aɪ θɪŋk ðeɪ wɪl bɪliːv maɪ wɜːdz and ɛntɹʌst miː wɪð ɐ kəmand ɒv tɹuːps. ðaʊ, ɒn ðaɪ pɑːt, mʌst weɪt
LJ038-0045|Deputy Sheriff Eddy R. Walthers recalled such a remark but he did not reach the scene of the struggle|dɛpjuːti ʃɛɹɪf ɛdi ɑː. wɒlðəz ɹɪkɔːld sʌtʃ ɐ ɹɪmɑːk bʌt hiː dɪdnɒt ɹiːtʃ ðə siːn ɒvðə stɹʌɡəl
LJ016-0420|is remembered at the former prison as a defiant,|ɪz ɹɪmɛmbəd at ðə fɔːmə pɹɪzən az ɐ dɪfaɪənt,
LJ011-0115|Huntons execution no doubt aroused public attention to the cruelty and futility of the capital law against forgery.|hʌntənz ɛksɪkjuːʃən nəʊ daʊt ɐɹaʊzd pʌblɪk ɐtɛnʃən tə ðə kɹuːəlti and fjuːtɪlɪti ɒvðə kapɪtəl lɔː ɐɡɛnst fɔːdʒəɹi.
LJ035-0018|end quote, After the third shot, he, quote, revved that motorcycle up, end quote,|ɛnd kwəʊt, aftə ðə θɜːd ʃɒt, hiː, kwəʊt, ɹɛvd ðat məʊtəsaɪkəl ʌp, ɛnd kwəʊt,
LJ042-0138|His return to the United States publicly testified to the utter failure of what had been the most important act of his life.|hɪz ɹɪtɜːn tə ðə juːnaɪtɪd steɪts pʌblɪkli tɛstɪfaɪd tə ðɪ ʌtə feɪliəɹ ɒv wɒt hɐdbɪn ðə məʊst ɪmpɔːtənt akt ɒv hɪz laɪf.
LJ038-0050|they might have heard a snapping noise resulting from the police officer grabbing the cylinder of the revolver and pulling it away from Oswald while he was attempting to pull the trigger.|ðeɪ maɪthɐv hɜːd ɐ snapɪŋ nɔɪz ɹɪzʌltɪŋ fɹʌmðə pəliːs ɒfɪsə ɡɹabɪŋ ðə sɪlɪndəɹ ɒvðə ɹɪvɒlvə and pʊlɪŋ ɪt ɐweɪ fɹɒm ɒswəld waɪl hiː wɒz ɐtɛmptɪŋ tə pʊl ðə tɹɪɡə.
LJ043-0102|It is possible that his immediate supervisor noticed the newspaper at that time because his attention had otherwise been drawn more directly to Oswald.|ɪt ɪz pɒsəbəl ðat hɪz ɪmiːdɪət suːpəvaɪzə nəʊtɪsd ðə njuːzpeɪpəɹ at ðat taɪm bɪkʌz hɪz ɐtɛnʃən hɐd ʌðəwaɪz biːn dɹɔːn mɔː daɪɹɛktli tʊ ɒswəld.
LJ022-0131|If you will help, this can be done.|ɪf juː wɪl hɛlp, ðɪs kan biː dʌn.
LJ013-0053|Miss Bailey, the doctors sister, in whose favor the note was said to have been given,|mɪs beɪlɪ, ðə dɒktəz sɪstə, ɪn huːz feɪvə ðə nəʊt wɒz sɛd tə hɐvbɪn ɡɪvən,
LJ041-0023|and, quote, Arthor Abear, end quote, most likely Arthur Hebert, a classmate who has said that he did not know Oswald well.|and, kwəʊt, ɑːθəɹ ɐbeə, ɛnd kwəʊt, məʊst laɪkli ɑːθə hɛbət, ɐ klasmeɪt huː hɐz sɛd ðat hiː dɪdnɒt nəʊ ɒswəld wɛl.
LJ016-0369|upon them devolved the painful duty of cutting down the body and preparing for the inquest.|əpɒn ðɛm dɪvɒlvd ðə peɪnfəl djuːti ɒv kʌtɪŋ daʊn ðə bɒdi and pɹɪpeəɹɪŋ fəðɪ ɪnkwɛst.
LJ005-0255|The committee was also to report upon the manner in which sentences were carried out, and to recommend any alterations necessary in the rules|ðə kəmɪti wɒz ɒlsəʊ tə ɹɪpɔːt əpɒn ðə manə ɪn wɪtʃ sɛntənsɪz wɜː kaɹɪd aʊt, and tə ɹɛkəmɛnd ɛni ɒltəɹeɪʃənz nɛsəsəɹi ɪnðə ɹuːlz
LJ021-0027|which obtained through the attrition of individuals before the new conditions arose.|wɪtʃ ɒbteɪnd θɹuː ðɪ ɐtɹɪʃən ɒv ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəlz bɪfɔː ðə njuː kəndɪʃənz ɐɹəʊz.
LJ037-0146|Barbara Jeanette Davis, and Virginia Davis.|bɑːbəɹə dʒiːnɛt deɪvɪs, and vɜːdʒɪniə deɪvɪs.
LJ022-0142|The National Industrial Recovery Act expires on the sixteenth of June.|ðə naʃənəl ɪndʌstɹɪəl ɹɪkʌvəɹi akt ɛkspaɪəz ɒnðə sɪkstiːnθ ɒv dʒjuːn.
LJ027-0153|in order to be so added to successive species, every individual deer belonging to later species was required to repeat in his own lifetime|ɪn ɔːdə təbi səʊ adɪd tə səksɛsɪv spiːsiːz, ɛvɹɪ ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəl diə bɪlɒŋɪŋ tə leɪtə spiːsiːz wɒz ɹɪkwaɪəd tə ɹɪpiːt ɪn hɪz əʊn laɪftaɪm
LJ026-0112|In an animal the foods in the circulating liquids, blood and lymph, are selected and absorbed by the cells.|ɪn ɐn anɪməl ðə fuːdz ɪnðə sɜːkjʊleɪtɪŋ lɪkwɪdz, blʌd and lɪmf, ɑː sɪlɛktɪd and ɐbsɔːbd baɪ ðə sɛlz.
LJ028-0199|there suddenly appeared upon the wall an armless hand.|ðeə sʌdənli ɐpiəd əpɒn ðə wɔːl ɐn ɑːmləs hand.
LJ008-0157|By eight oclock not an inch of ground in front of the platform was unoccupied.|baɪ eɪt ɒklɒk nɒt ɐn ɪntʃ ɒv ɡɹaʊnd ɪn fɹʌnt ɒvðə platfɔːm wɒz ʌnɒkjʊpaɪd.
LJ002-0101|there was still a convenient room which served, and, quote,|ðeəwɒz stɪl ɐ kənviːnɪənt ɹuːm wɪtʃ sɜːvd, and, kwəʊt,
LJ041-0069|he did not adjust well to conditions which he found in that service.|hiː dɪdnɒt ɐdʒʌst wɛl tə kəndɪʃənz wɪtʃ hiː faʊnd ɪn ðat sɜːvɪs.
LJ009-0014|It cannot be denied, however, that the ordinarys treatment was somewhat unfeeling, and in proof thereof|ɪt kanɒt biː dɪnaɪd, haʊɛvə, ðatðɪ ɔːdɪnəɹiz tɹiːtmənt wɒz sʌmwɒt ʌnfiːlɪŋ, and ɪn pɹuːf ðeəɹɒv
LJ038-0020|Brewer told Mrs Postal that he had seen the man ducking into his place of business and that he had followed him to the theatre.|bɹuːə təʊld mɪsɪz pəʊstəl ðat hiː hɐd siːn ðə man dʌkɪŋ ɪntʊ hɪz pleɪs ɒv bɪznəs and ðat hiː hɐd fɒləʊd hɪm tə ðə θiətə.
LJ033-0158|The palmprint was found on the closed end of the bag.|ðə pɑːmpɹɪnt wɒz faʊnd ɒnðə kləʊzd ɛnd ɒvðə baɡ.
LJ018-0364|It will be remembered that she made a statement which led to the empaneling of a jury of matrons, who decided that there was no cause for an arrest of judgment.|ɪt wɪl biː ɹɪmɛmbəd ðat ʃiː meɪd ɐ steɪtmənt wɪtʃ lɛd tə ðɪ ɛmpanəlɪŋ əvə dʒʊəɹi ɒv meɪtɹənz, huː dɪsaɪdɪd ðat ðeəwɒz nəʊ kɔːz fəɹən ɐɹɛst ɒv dʒʌdʒmənt.
LJ034-0143|but he said he was unable to make a positive identification.|bʌt hiː sɛd hiː wɒz ʌneɪbəl tə meɪk ɐ pɒzɪtɪv aɪdɛntɪfɪkeɪʃən.
LJ017-0056|Although the strain lasted fourteen days, he showed no signs of exhaustion, either physical or mental.|ɒlðəʊ ðə stɹeɪn lastɪd fɔːtiːn deɪz, hiː ʃəʊd nəʊ saɪnz ɒv ɛɡzɔːstʃən, aɪðə fɪzɪkəl ɔː mɛntəl.
LJ014-0115|and they had given information to the police.|and ðeɪ hɐd ɡɪvən ɪnfəmeɪʃən tə ðə pəliːs.
LJ018-0066|He at length stole a carpet-bag containing valuables, and fled to Hamburgh.|hiː at lɛŋθ stəʊl ɐ kɑːpɪtbaɡ kənteɪnɪŋ valjuːəbəlz, and flɛd tə hambɜːɡ.
LJ010-0264|Later on, however, Dasset was himself seized and interrogated,|leɪtəɹ ɒn, haʊɛvə, dasɛt wɒz hɪmsɛlf siːzd and ɪntɛɹəɡeɪtɪd,
LJ025-0125|as Dr Burdon Sandersons interesting investigations have shown, by a disturbance of the electrical state of the contractile substance|az dɒktə bɜːdən sandəsənz ɪntɹəstɪŋ ɪnvɛstɪɡeɪʃənz hav ʃəʊn, baɪ ɐ dɪstɜːbəns ɒvðɪ ɪlɛktɹɪkəl steɪt ɒvðə kəntɹaktaɪl sʌbstəns
LJ033-0109|the Commission has carefully considered the testimony of these two witnesses with regard to the length of the bag.|ðə kəmɪʃən hɐz keəfəlɪ kənsɪdəd ðə tɛstɪmənɪ ɒv ðiːz tuː wɪtnəsɪz wɪð ɹɪɡɑːd tə ðə lɛŋθ ɒvðə baɡ.
LJ027-0049|the structural elements remain, but are profoundly modified to perform totally different functions.|ðə stɹʌktʃəɹəl ɛlɪmənts ɹɪmeɪn, bʌt ɑː pɹəfaʊndli mɒdɪfaɪd tə pəfɔːm təʊtəli dɪfɹənt fʌŋkʃənz.
LJ006-0295|The governor was also personally responsible for gross contravention of this rule of separation,|ðə ɡʌvənə wɒz ɒlsəʊ pɜːsənəli ɹɪspɒnsəbəl fɔː ɡɹəʊs kɒntɹəvɛnʃən ɒv ðɪs ɹuːl ɒv sɛpəɹeɪʃən,
LJ018-0122|but not before the forged paper had been put in circulation for more than a couple of years. In eighteen sixty-one,|bʌt nɒt bɪfɔː ðə fɔːdʒd peɪpə hɐdbɪn pʊt ɪn sɜːkjʊleɪʃən fɔː mɔː ðanə kʌpəl ɒv jiəz. ɪn eɪtiːn sɪkstiwɒn,
LJ007-0138|who constantly breathed an air heavy, and, when the wards were first opened in the morning, particularly offensive.|huː kɒnstəntli bɹiːðd ɐn eə hɛvi, and, wɛn ðə wɔːdz wɜː fɜːst əʊpənd ɪnðə mɔːnɪŋ, pətɪkjʊləli əfɛnsɪv.
LJ038-0058|Officer Ray Hawkins said|ɒfɪsə ɹeɪ hɔːkɪnz sɛd
LJ046-0219|The above action should be taken without delay in order to attempt to verify the information and no evaluation of the information should be attempted.|ðɪ əbʌv akʃən ʃʊd biː teɪkən wɪðaʊt dɪleɪ ɪn ɔːdə tʊ ɐtɛmpt tə vɛɹɪfaɪ ðɪ ɪnfəmeɪʃən and nəʊ ɪvaljuːeɪʃən ɒvðɪ ɪnfəmeɪʃən ʃʊd biː ɐtɛmptɪd.
LJ034-0212|As the motorcade started its descent down Elm Street., Altgens snapped a picture of the Presidential limousine with the entrance to the Depository Building in the background.|az ðə məʊtəkeɪd stɑːtɪd ɪts dɪsɛnt daʊn ɛlm stɹiːt., ɔːltdʒənz snapt ɐ pɪktʃəɹ ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl lɪməziːn wɪððɪ ɛntɹəns tə ðə dɪpɒsɪtəɹi bɪldɪŋ ɪnðə bakɡɹaʊnd.
LJ046-0066|And he felt that leaving Washington for the President of the United States was a most necessary -- not only for the people, but for the President himself,|and hiː fɛlt ðat liːvɪŋ wɒʃɪŋtən fəðə pɹɛzɪdənt ɒvðə juːnaɪtɪd steɪts wʌzɐ məʊst nɛsəsəɹi nɒt əʊnli fəðə piːpəl, bʌt fəðə pɹɛzɪdənt hɪmsɛlf,
LJ011-0156|While on a visit to Macclesfield he heard by chance of Miss Turner, and that she would inherit all her fathers possessions.|waɪl ɒn ɐ vɪzɪt tə makəlsfiːld hiː hɜːd baɪ tʃans ɒv mɪs tɜːnə, and ðat ʃiː wʊd ɪnhɛɹɪt ɔːl hɜː fɑːðəz pəzɛʃənz.
LJ040-0072|he was cared for principally by his mothers sister, by babysitters and by his mother, when she had time for him.|hiː wɒz keəd fɔː pɹɪnsɪpəli baɪ hɪz mʌðəz sɪstə, baɪ beɪbɪsɪtəz and baɪ hɪz mʌðə, wɛn ʃiː hɐd taɪm fɔː hɪm.
LJ008-0264|But the murderers formed only a small proportion of the total number sentenced to death, and for the rest there was a long period of anxious suspense,|bʌt ðə mɜːdəɹəz fɔːmd əʊnli ɐ smɔːl pɹəpɔːʃən ɒvðə təʊtəl nʌmbə sɛntənst tə dɛθ, and fəðə ɹɛst ðeəwɒz ɐ lɒŋ piəɹɪəd ɒv aŋʃəs səspɛns,
LJ046-0208|Presidential protection was an important topic in these training programs.|pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl pɹətɛkʃən wɒz ɐn ɪmpɔːtənt tɒpɪk ɪn ðiːz tɹeɪnɪŋ pɹəʊɡɹamz.
LJ007-0151|and his connection with them is confirmed by that devotion and generosity towards their paramours in adversity for which these otherwise degraded women are remarkable.|and hɪz kənɛkʃən wɪð ðɛm ɪz kənfɜːmd baɪ ðat dɪvəʊʃən and dʒɛnəɹɒsɪti tʊwɔːdz ðeə paɹɐmʊəz ɪn advəsɪti fɔː wɪtʃ ðiːz ʌðəwaɪz dɪɡɹeɪdɪd wɪmɪn ɑː ɹɪmɑːkəbəl.
LJ035-0006|are consistent with his having been at the window at twelve,thirty p m|ɑː kənsɪstənt wɪð hɪz havɪŋ biːn at ðə wɪndəʊ at twɛlv,θɜːti piː ɛm
LJ033-0197|quote, in all observable microscopic characteristics, end quote.|kwəʊt, ɪn ɔːl ɒbzɜːvəbəl maɪkɹəskɒpɪk kaɹɪktəɹɪstɪks, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ006-0059|the felon and the misdemeanant, the sane and the insane, the old and young offender.|ðə fɛlən and ðə mɪsdɪmiːnənt, ðə seɪn and ðɪ ɪnseɪn, ðɪ əʊld and jʌŋ əfɛndə.
LJ012-0193|The crimes of these inhuman purveyors to medical science do not fall within the limits of this work.|ðə kɹaɪmz ɒv ðiːz ɪnhjuːmən pɜːveɪəz tə mɛdɪkəl saɪəns duːnɒt fɔːl wɪðɪn ðə lɪmɪts ɒv ðɪs wɜːk.
LJ010-0197|but that there was madness in his family, and that he himself was of unsound mind, could not be well denied.|bʌt ðat ðeəwɒz madnəs ɪn hɪz famɪli, and ðat hiː hɪmsɛlf wɒz ɒv ʌnsaʊnd maɪnd, kʊd nɒt biː wɛl dɪnaɪd.
LJ009-0297|There is still extant a curious petition presented to the Treasury by Ralph Griffith, Esq, high sheriff of Flintshire,|ðeəɹ ɪz stɪl ɛkstant ɐ kjʊɹɪəs pətɪʃən pɹɪzɛntɪd tə ðə tɹɛʒəɹi baɪ ɹalf ɡɹɪfɪθ, ɛsk, haɪ ʃɛɹɪf ɒv flɪntʃə,
LJ004-0023|Measures remedial, although at best partial and incomplete, were introduced from time to time.|mɛʒəz ɹɪmiːdɪəl, ɒlðəʊ at bɛst pɑːʃəl and ɪnkəmpliːt, wɜːɹ ɪntɹədjuːst fɹɒm taɪm tə taɪm.
LJ023-0127|When I commenced to review the situation with the problem squarely before me,|wɛn aɪ kəmɛnst tə ɹɪvjuː ðə sɪtʃuːeɪʃən wɪððə pɹɒbləm skweəli bɪfɔː miː,
LJ027-0012|All have the same ultimate substance|ɔːl hav ðə seɪm ʌltɪmət sʌbstəns
LJ036-0194|Patrolman J. D. Tippit joined the Dallas Police Department in July nineteen fifty-two.|pɐtɹəʊlmən dʒeɪ. diː. tɪpɪt dʒɔɪnd ðə daləs pəliːs dɪpɑːtmənt ɪn dʒuːlaɪ naɪntiːn fɪftituː.
LJ015-0191|In Newgate Redpath is remembered by the prison officer as a difficult man to deal with.|ɪn njuːɡeɪt ɹɛdpaθ ɪz ɹɪmɛmbəd baɪ ðə pɹɪzən ɒfɪsəɹ az ɐ dɪfɪkəlt man tə diːl wɪð.
LJ020-0058|Peep under the cloth two or three times to see whether they rise evenly, and turn the pan around once that all may be equally exposed to the heat.|piːp ʌndə ðə klɒθ tuː ɔː θɹiː taɪmz tə siː wɛðə ðeɪ ɹaɪz iːvənli, and tɜːn ðə pan ɐɹaʊnd wɒns ðat ɔːl meɪ biː iːkwəli ɛkspəʊzd tə ðə hiːt.
LJ022-0063|to help those who have reached the age of retirement to give up their jobs and thus give to the younger generation greater opportunities for work|tə hɛlp ðəʊz huː hav ɹiːtʃt ðɪ eɪdʒ ɒv ɹɪtaɪəmənt tə ɡɪv ʌp ðeə dʒɒbz and ðʌs ɡɪv tə ðə jʌŋɡə dʒɛnəɹeɪʃən ɡɹeɪtəɹ ɒpətjuːnɪtiz fɔː wɜːk
LJ027-0121|In numberless cases, such as that of the fore-limbs of serpents, no vestige of a rudiment is present.|ɪn nʌmbələs keɪsɪz, sʌtʃ ɐz ðat ɒvðə fɔːlɪmz ɒv sɜːpənts, nəʊ vɛstɪdʒ əvə ɹuːdɪmənt ɪz pɹɛzənt.
LJ028-0497|We do not know their height, for the statements of the ancient writers disagree.|wiː duːnɒt nəʊ ðeə haɪt, fəðə steɪtmənts ɒvðɪ eɪnʃənt ɹaɪtəz dɪsɐɡɹiː.
LJ045-0101|In spite of these difficulties, however, and in the face of the economic problems that were always with them,|ɪn spaɪt ɒv ðiːz dɪfɪkʌltɪz, haʊɛvə, and ɪnðə feɪs ɒvðɪ iːkənɒmɪk pɹɒbləmz ðat wɜːɹ ɔːlweɪz wɪð ðɛm,
LJ015-0117|Sergeant Ballantine, who prosecuted,|sɑːdʒənt balantiːn, huː pɹɒsɪkjuːtɪd,
LJ014-0096|and at their request two police officers were sent to Bermondsey to inquire for him at the Mannings, with whom it was well known that he was very intimate.|and at ðeə ɹɪkwɛst tuː pəliːs ɒfɪsəz wɜː sɛnt tə bɜːmɒndsɪ tʊ ɪnkwaɪə fɔː hɪm at ðə manɪŋz, wɪð huːm ɪt wɒz wɛl nəʊn ðat hiː wɒz vɛɹɪ ɪntɪmət.
LJ032-0181|Although Stombaugh was unable to estimate the period of time the fibers were on the rifle he said that the fibers, quote,|ɒlðəʊ stɒmbɔː wɒz ʌneɪbəl tʊ ɛstɪmeɪt ðə piəɹɪəd ɒv taɪm ðə faɪbəz wɜːɹ ɒnðə ɹaɪfəl hiː sɛd ðatðə faɪbəz, kwəʊt,
LJ040-0015|There is, however, a large amount of material available in his writings|ðeəɹɪz, haʊɛvə, ɐ lɑːdʒ ɐmaʊnt ɒv mətiəɹɪəl ɐveɪləbəl ɪn hɪz ɹaɪtɪŋz
LJ047-0042|and unwilling to answer questions regarding his motive for going to the Soviet Union.|and ʌnwɪlɪŋ tʊ ansə kwɛstʃənz ɹɪɡɑːdɪŋ hɪz məʊtɪv fɔː ɡəʊɪŋ tə ðə səʊviət juːniən.
LJ039-0174|The marksmen took as much time as they wanted for the first target and all hit the target.|ðə mɑːksmɛn tʊk az mʌtʃ taɪm az ðeɪ wɒntɪd fəðə fɜːst tɑːɡɪt and ɔːl hɪt ðə tɑːɡɪt.
LJ006-0202|The news-vendor was also a tobacconist,|ðə njuːzvɛndə wɒz ɒlsəʊ ɐ təbakənɪst,
LJ037-0113|Callaway picked up the gun.|kaləweɪ pɪkt ʌp ðə ɡʌn.
LJ046-0201|were no more specific than the broad and general instructions its own agents and the White House mailroom.|wɜː nəʊmɔː spəsɪfɪk ðɐn ðə bɹɔːd and dʒɛnəɹəl ɪnstɹʌkʃənz ɪts əʊn eɪdʒənts and ðə waɪt haʊs meɪlɹuːm.
LJ030-0180|Roy Kellerman, in the right front seat of the limousine, heard a report like a firecracker pop.|ɹɔɪ kɛləmən, ɪnðə ɹaɪt fɹʌnt siːt ɒvðə lɪməziːn, hɜːd ɐ ɹɪpɔːt laɪk ɐ faɪəkɹakə pɒp.
LJ012-0118|It was a large gold brooch set in pearls, but a portion of the mounting had melted with the heat.|ɪt wʌzɐ lɑːdʒ ɡəʊld bɹəʊtʃ sɛt ɪn pɜːlz, bʌt ɐ pɔːʃən ɒvðə maʊntɪŋ hɐd mɛltɪd wɪððə hiːt.
LJ035-0014|it sounded high and I immediately kind of looked up,|ɪt saʊndɪd haɪ and aɪ ɪmiːdɪətli kaɪnd ɒv lʊkt ʌp,
LJ026-0120|The building up of the protoplasm from proteids is anabolism, constructive metabolism.|ðə bɪldɪŋ ʌp ɒvðə pɹəʊtəʊplazəm fɹɒm pɹəʊtɪdz ɪz anɐbəʊlɪzəm, kənstɹʌktɪv mətabəlɪzəm.
LJ016-0397|The craving for tobacco which so dominates the habitual smoker often leads the convicted to plead hard for a last smoke.|ðə kɹeɪvɪŋ fɔː təbakəʊ wɪtʃ səʊ dɒmɪneɪts ðə hɐbɪtʃuːəl sməʊkəɹ ɒfən liːdz ðə kənvɪktɪd tə pliːd hɑːd fəɹə last sməʊk.
LJ035-0100|In the few seconds which elapsed while Baker and Truly ran from the first to the second floor,|ɪnðə fjuː sɛkəndz wɪtʃ ɪlapsd waɪl beɪkə and tɹuːli ɹan fɹʌmðə fɜːst tə ðə sɛkənd flɔː,
LJ018-0006|Mr Briggs left the bank one afternoon as usual, dined with his daughter at Peckham,|mɪstə bɹɪɡz lɛft ðə baŋk wɒn aftənuːn az juːʒuːəl, daɪnd wɪð hɪz dɔːtəɹ at pɛkəm,
LJ021-0191|by awesome pronouncements concerning the unconstitutionality of some of our measures of recovery and relief and reform.|baɪ ɔːsʌm pɹənaʊnsmənts kənsɜːnɪŋ ðɪ ʌnkɒnstɪtjuːʃənalɪti ɒv sʌm ɒv aʊə mɛʒəz ɒv ɹɪkʌvəɹi and ɹɪliːf and ɹɪfɔːm.
LJ018-0141|led to the employment of the police, and the offer of a reward of fifteen hundred pounds for the detection of the offenders.|lɛd tə ðɪ ɛmplɔɪmənt ɒvðə pəliːs, and ðɪ ɒfəɹ əvə ɹɪwɔːd ɒv fɪftiːn hʌndɹəd paʊndz fəðə dɪtɛkʃən ɒvðɪ əfɛndəz.
LJ012-0178|Thurtell drove him down in a gig, to be killed as he traveled, in Thurtells own words.|θɜːtɛl dɹəʊv hɪm daʊn ɪn ɐ ɡɪɡ, təbi kɪld az hiː tɹavəld, ɪn θɜːtɛlz əʊn wɜːdz.
LJ042-0139|Marina Oswald confirmed the fact that her husband was experiencing psychological difficulties at the time of his return.|məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld kənfɜːmd ðə fakt ðat hɜː hʌsbənd wɒz ɛkspiəɹɪənsɪŋ saɪkəlɒdʒɪkəl dɪfɪkʌltɪz at ðə taɪm ɒv hɪz ɹɪtɜːn.
LJ028-0483|O Marduk, great god, look joyfully upon the precious work of my hands. Be thou my protector.|əʊ mɑːdʌk, ɡɹeɪt ɡɒd, lʊk dʒɔɪfəlɪ əpɒn ðə pɹɛʃəs wɜːk ɒv maɪ handz. biː ðaʊ maɪ pɹətɛktə.
LJ013-0241|The policeman insisted on searching the premises, at which Good displayed some uneasiness.|ðə pəliːsmən ɪnsɪstɪd ɒn sɜːtʃɪŋ ðə pɹɛmɪsɪz, at wɪtʃ ɡʊd dɪspleɪd sʌm ʌniːzɪnəs.
LJ041-0136|was shooting at Connally rather than President Kennedy, end quote.|wɒz ʃuːtɪŋ at kənali ɹɑːðə ðɐn pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ049-0111|The activities of the victim at the time an assassination occurs and the motive for the assassination|ðɪ aktɪvɪtiz ɒvðə vɪktɪm at ðə taɪm ɐn ɐsasɪneɪʃən əkɜːz and ðə məʊtɪv fəðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən
LJ043-0072|Even though he told his wife that he had been fired, he voluntarily left on October eight, nineteen sixty-two, and moved to Dallas.|iːvən ðəʊ hiː təʊld hɪz waɪf ðat hiː hɐdbɪn faɪəd, hiː vɒləntɛɹəlɪ lɛft ɒn ɒktəʊbəɹ eɪt, naɪntiːn sɪkstituː, and muːvd tə daləs.
LJ050-0050|As a result of these studies, the planning document submitted by the Secretary of the Treasury to the Bureau of the Budget on August thirty-one,|az ɐ ɹɪzʌlt ɒv ðiːz stʌdɪz, ðə planɪŋ dɒkjuːmənt səbmɪtɪd baɪ ðə sɛkɹətɹɪ ɒvðə tɹɛʒəɹi tə ðə bjʊəɹəʊ ɒvðə bʌdʒɪt ɒn ɔːɡəst θɜːtiwɒn,
LJ026-0157|This process is, however, obscured during the day because of the oxygen freed in the manufacture of starch which goes on at that time.|ðɪs pɹəʊsɛs ɪz, haʊɛvə, ɒbskjʊəd djʊəɹɪŋ ðə deɪ bɪkʌz ɒvðɪ ɒksɪdʒən fɹiːd ɪnðə manjuːfaktʃəɹ ɒv stɑːtʃ wɪtʃ ɡəʊz ɒn at ðat taɪm.
LJ047-0079|The New Orleans office investigated and located Oswald, learning his address and former place of employment on August five, nineteen sixty-three.|ðə njuː ɔːliənz ɒfɪs ɪnvɛstɪɡeɪtɪd and ləʊkeɪtɪd ɒswəld, lɜːnɪŋ hɪz ɐdɹɛs and fɔːmə pleɪs ɒv ɛmplɔɪmənt ɒn ɔːɡəst faɪv, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː.
LJ040-0118|and threatened to use it on Mrs Pic.|and θɹɛtənd tə juːz ɪt ɒn mɪsɪz pɪk.
LJ026-0002|Life Processes. Part One.|laɪf pɹəʊsɛsɪz. pɑːt wɒn.
LJ043-0022|it appears that De Mohrenschildt and his wife actually went to Oswalds apartment early in November of nineteen sixty-two|ɪt ɐpiəz ðat də məʊɹɪnstʃaɪlt and hɪz waɪf aktʃuːəli wɛnt tʊ ɒswəldz ɐpɑːtmənt ɜːlɪ ɪn nəʊvɛmbəɹ ɒv naɪntiːn sɪkstituː
LJ011-0208|On this Wakefield gave in.|ɒn ðɪs weɪkfiːld ɡeɪv ɪn.
LJ032-0035|In addition to the order coupon the envelope contained a. U.S. postal money order for twenty-one dollars, forty-five cents,|ɪn ɐdɪʃən tə ðɪ ɔːdə kuːpɒn ðɪ ɛnvələʊp kənteɪnd eɪ. juː.ɛs. pəʊstəl mʌnɪ ɔːdə fɔː twɛntiwɒn dɒləz, fɔːtifaɪv sɛnts,
LJ018-0099|Among them was a man named Chandler, formerly a bill discounter by profession, who by degrees, to meet his extravagant expenditure,|ɐmʌŋ ðɛm wʌzɐ man neɪmd tʃandlə, fɔːməli ɐ bɪl dɪskaʊntə baɪ pɹəfɛʃən, huː baɪ dɪɡɹiːz, tə miːt hɪz ɛkstɹavəɡənt ɛkspɛndɪtʃə,
LJ005-0066|The new jails, as Howard says, having pompous fronts, appear like palaces to the lower class of people, and many persons are against them on this account.|ðə njuː dʒeɪlz, az haʊəd sɛz, havɪŋ pɒmpəs fɹʌnts, ɐpiə laɪk palɪsɪz tə ðə ləʊə klas ɒv piːpəl, and mɛni pɜːsənz ɑːɹ ɐɡɛnst ðɛm ɒn ðɪs ɐkaʊnt.
LJ022-0076|and we have every reason to believe that it should be in full swing by autumn.|and wiː hav ɛvɹɪ ɹiːzən tə bɪliːv ðɐtɪt ʃʊd biː ɪn fʊl swɪŋ baɪ ɔːtʌm.
LJ039-0192|he had a total of between four point eight and five point six seconds between the two shots which hit|hiː hɐd ɐ təʊtəl ɒv bɪtwiːn fɔː pɔɪnt eɪt and faɪv pɔɪnt sɪks sɛkəndz bɪtwiːn ðə tuː ʃɒts wɪtʃ hɪt
LJ045-0243|He does not appear to have been able to establish meaningful relationships with other people. He was perpetually discontented with the world around him.|hiː dʌznɒt ɐpiə tə hɐvbɪn eɪbəl tʊ ɪstablɪʃ miːnɪŋfəl ɹɪleɪʃənʃɪps wɪð ʌðə piːpəl. hiː wɒz pəpɛtʃuːəli dɪskəntɛntɪd wɪððə wɜːld ɐɹaʊnd hɪm.
LJ020-0054|Rub the bottom and sides of a baking-pan with sweet lard or butter. Do this with a bit of clean soft rag or tissue-paper,|ɹʌb ðə bɒtəm and saɪdz əvə beɪkɪŋpan wɪð swiːt lɑːd ɔː bʌtə. duː ðɪs wɪð ɐ bɪt ɒv kliːn sɒft ɹaɡ ɔː tɪʃuːpeɪpə,
LJ023-0066|and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.|and pɹəvaɪd fəðə kɒmən dɪfɛns and dʒɛnəɹəl wɛlfeəɹ ɒvðə juːnaɪtɪd steɪts.
LJ030-0081|They were instructed to watch particularly for thrown objects, sudden actions in the crowd, and any movements toward the Presidential car.|ðeɪ wɜːɹ ɪnstɹʌktɪd tə wɒtʃ pətɪkjʊləli fɔː θɹəʊn ɒbdʒɛkts, sʌdən akʃənz ɪnðə kɹaʊd, and ɛni muːvmənts tʊwɔːd ðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl kɑː.
LJ038-0162|Then he said, Oh, I see, and that was all.|ðɛn hiː sɛd, əʊ, aɪ siː, and ðat wɒz ɔːl.
LJ014-0012|It was here that the others engaged in their dismal office in removing the dead first got a good look at the strangers face.|ɪt wɒz hiə ðatðɪ ʌðəz ɛnɡeɪdʒd ɪn ðeə dɪzməl ɒfɪs ɪn ɹɪmuːvɪŋ ðə dɛd fɜːst ɡɒt ɐ ɡʊd lʊk at ðə stɹeɪndʒəz feɪs.
LJ012-0245|in the hope that the features might some day be recognized, were alike in both.|ɪnðə həʊp ðatðə fiːtʃəz maɪt sʌm deɪ biː ɹɛkəɡnaɪzd, wɜːɹ ɐlaɪk ɪn bəʊθ.
LJ001-0030|a very few years saw the birth of Roman character not only in Italy, but in Germany and France.|ɐ vɛɹɪ fjuː jiəz sɔː ðə bɜːθ ɒv ɹəʊmən kaɹɪktə nɒt əʊnli ɪn ɪtəli, bʌt ɪn dʒɜːməni and fɹans.
LJ013-0016|It was fully proved in evidence that when the Dryad sailed she carried nothing but the cargo belonging to Zulueta and Co|ɪt wɒz fʊli pɹuːvd ɪn ɛvɪdəns ðat wɛn ðə dɹaɪad seɪld ʃiː kaɹɪd nʌθɪŋ bʌt ðə kɑːɡəʊ bɪlɒŋɪŋ tə zjʊluːtə and kəʊ
LJ005-0035|the Society pursued its laudable undertaking with remarkable energy and great singleness of purpose.|ðə səsaɪəti pəsjuːd ɪts lɔːdəbəl ʌndəteɪkɪŋ wɪð ɹɪmɑːkəbəl ɛnədʒi and ɡɹeɪt sɪŋɡəlnəs ɒv pɜːpəs.
LJ035-0177|According to Barnett, quote, there were people going in and out, end quote, during this period.|ɐkɔːdɪŋ tə bɑːnɪt, kwəʊt, ðeəwɜː piːpəl ɡəʊɪŋ ɪn and aʊt, ɛnd kwəʊt, djʊəɹɪŋ ðɪs piəɹɪəd.
LJ014-0139|and would have left the dock had not Mr Cope, the governor of Newgate, restrained her.|and wʊdhɐv lɛft ðə dɒk hɐd nɒt mɪstə kəʊp, ðə ɡʌvənəɹ ɒv njuːɡeɪt, ɹɪstɹeɪnd hɜː.
LJ048-0068|as requiring evidence of a plan or conspiracy to injure the President.|az ɹɪkwaɪəɹɪŋ ɛvɪdəns əvə plan ɔː kənspɪɹəsi tʊ ɪndʒə ðə pɹɛzɪdənt.
LJ016-0072|where he presently committed a burglary at Lymington, was caught, and lodged in Winchester Jail.|weə hiː pɹɛzəntlɪ kəmɪtɪd ɐ bɜːɡləɹi at laɪmɪŋtən, wɒz kɔːt, and lɒdʒd ɪn wɪntʃɛstə dʒeɪl.
LJ010-0247|The prisoner was conveyed without delay to the Home Office, and there examined by the Privy Council, which had been hastily summoned for the purpose.|ðə pɹɪzənə wɒz kənveɪd wɪðaʊt dɪleɪ tə ðə həʊm ɒfɪs, and ðeəɹ ɛɡzamɪnd baɪ ðə pɹɪvi kaʊnsəl, wɪtʃ hɐdbɪn heɪstɪlɪ sʌmənd fəðə pɜːpəs.
LJ017-0088|Quantities of antimony were found in the body after death.|kwɒntɪtiz ɒv antɪmənɪ wɜː faʊnd ɪnðə bɒdi aftə dɛθ.
LJ017-0128|At the last moment Palmer tossed a bit of paper over to his counsel, on which he had written, quote, I think there will be a verdict of Not Guilty, end quote.|at ðə last məʊmənt pɑːmə tɒst ɐ bɪt ɒv peɪpəɹ əʊvə tə hɪz kaʊnsəl, ɒn wɪtʃ hiː hɐd ɹɪtən, kwəʊt, aɪ θɪŋk ðeə wɪl biː ɐ vɜːdɪkt ɒv nɒt ɡɪlti, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ050-0080|The suggestions of Federal agencies for revision of these guidelines were solicited.|ðə sədʒɛstʃənz ɒv fɛdəɹəl eɪdʒənsiz fɔː ɹɪvɪʒən ɒv ðiːz ɡaɪdlaɪnz wɜː səlɪsɪtɪd.
LJ043-0045|He also said that he and his family got along well with Marina Oswald and enjoyed showing her American things.|hiː ɒlsəʊ sɛd ðat hiː and hɪz famɪli ɡɒt ɐlɒŋ wɛl wɪð məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld and ɛndʒɔɪd ʃəʊɪŋ hɜːɹ ɐmɛɹɪkən θɪŋz.
LJ049-0135|which is responsible for advising the President respecting the coordination|wɪtʃ ɪz ɹɪspɒnsəbəl fɔːɹ ɐdvaɪzɪŋ ðə pɹɛzɪdənt ɹɪspɛktɪŋ ðə kəʊɔːdɪneɪʃən
LJ015-0122|but who had all the appearance of a careless, thoughtless, happy-go-lucky fellow.|bʌt huː hɐd ɔːl ðɪ ɐpiəɹəns əvə keələs, θɔːtləs, hapiɡəʊlʌki fɛləʊ.
LJ019-0385|Mr now Sir Richard Cross, having applied himself vigorously to the task of reorganizing the whole system, became convinced|mɪstə naʊ sɜː ɹɪtʃəd kɹɒs, havɪŋ ɐplaɪd hɪmsɛlf vɪɡəɹəsli tə ðə task ɒv ɹɪɔːɡɐnaɪzɪŋ ðə həʊl sɪstəm, bɪkeɪm kənvɪnst
LJ016-0126|The top of the wall was gained without difficulty.|ðə tɒp ɒvðə wɔːl wɒz ɡeɪnd wɪðaʊt dɪfɪkʌlti.
LJ038-0223|from October nine, nineteen sixty-two, to May fourteen, nineteen sixty-three.|fɹɒm ɒktəʊbə naɪn, naɪntiːn sɪkstituː, tə meɪ fɔːtiːn, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː.
LJ014-0180|secure the stock of watches and jewelry, then lock up the place and take on the keys to Mr Berrys private house in Pimlico.|sɪkjʊə ðə stɒk ɒv wɒtʃɪz and dʒuːəlɹi, ðɛn lɒk ʌp ðə pleɪs and teɪk ɒnðə kiːz tə mɪstə bɛɹɪz pɹaɪvət haʊs ɪn pɪmlɪkəʊ.
LJ019-0173|The Corporation seems to have introduced these salutary changes without hesitation.|ðə kɔːpəɹeɪʃən siːmz tə hav ɪntɹədjuːst ðiːz saluːtəɹi tʃeɪndʒɪz wɪðaʊt hɛsɪteɪʃən.
LJ008-0131|the other he kept between his hands.|ðɪ ʌðə hiː kɛpt bɪtwiːn hɪz handz.
LJ037-0155|At the request of the Commission, Joseph D. Nicol, superintendent of the Illinois Bureau of Criminal Identification Investigation,|at ðə ɹɪkwɛst ɒvðə kəmɪʃən, dʒəʊsəf diː. nɪkɒl, suːpəɹɪntɛndənt ɒvðɪ ɪlənɔɪ bjʊəɹəʊ ɒv kɹɪmɪnəl aɪdɛntɪfɪkeɪʃən ɪnvɛstɪɡeɪʃən,
LJ008-0070|The sentences inflicted in front of Newgate were not limited to hanging.|ðə sɛntənsɪz ɪnflɪktɪd ɪn fɹʌnt ɒv njuːɡeɪt wɜː nɒt lɪmɪtɪd tə haŋɪŋ.
LJ028-0380|The prophecy of the Hebrew Isaiah was fulfilled,|ðə pɹɒfəsi ɒvðə hiːbɹuː ɪseɪə wɒz fʊlfɪld,
LJ014-0175|When lying under sentence of death in Newgate, he was visited by a lady, a gentlewoman in every sense of the word, who was said to be his sister.|wɛn laɪɪŋ ʌndə sɛntəns ɒv dɛθ ɪn njuːɡeɪt, hiː wɒz vɪzɪtɪd baɪ ɐ leɪdi, ɐ dʒɛntəlwʊmən ɪn ɛvɹɪ sɛns ɒvðə wɜːd, huː wɒz sɛd təbi hɪz sɪstə.
LJ016-0276|Never, indeed, had an execution been more generally patronized.|nɛvə, ɪndiːd, hɐd ɐn ɛksɪkjuːʃən biːn mɔː dʒɛnəɹəli patɹənaɪzd.
LJ038-0163|Prior attempt to kill.|pɹaɪəɹ ɐtɛmpt tə kɪl.
LJ035-0029|Neither elevator was there.|naɪðəɹ ɛlɪveɪtə wɒz ðeə.
LJ030-0108|White House communications car, Trade Mart, Love Field, and the Presidential and Vice-Presidential airplanes.|waɪt haʊs kəmjuːnɪkeɪʃənz kɑː, tɹeɪd mɑːt, lʌv fiːld, and ðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl and vaɪspɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl eəpleɪnz.
LJ033-0182|Since the Depository normally used approximately one roll of paper every three working days,|sɪns ðə dɪpɒsɪtəɹi nɔːməli juːzd ɐpɹɒksɪmətli wɒn ɹəʊl ɒv peɪpəɹ ɛvɹɪ θɹiː wɜːkɪŋ deɪz,
LJ019-0347|chairman of quarter sessions, or even by a couple of justices.|tʃeəmən ɒv kwɔːtə sɛʃənz, ɔːɹ iːvən baɪ ɐ kʌpəl ɒv dʒʌstɪsɪz.
LJ034-0150|but, in his testimony before the Commission, Brennan stated that his remarks of January seven were intended by him merely as an accurate report|bʌt, ɪn hɪz tɛstɪmənɪ bɪfɔː ðə kəmɪʃən, bɹɛnən steɪtɪd ðat hɪz ɹɪmɑːks ɒv dʒanjuːəɹi sɛvən wɜːɹ ɪntɛndɪd baɪ hɪm miəli az ɐn akjʊɹət ɹɪpɔːt
LJ021-0143|with small groups of those truly representative of large employers of labor and of large groups of organized labor,|wɪð smɔːl ɡɹuːps ɒv ðəʊz tɹuːli ɹɛpɹɪzɛntətɪv ɒv lɑːdʒ ɛmplɔɪəz ɒv leɪbə and ɒv lɑːdʒ ɡɹuːps ɒv ɔːɡɐnaɪzd leɪbə,
LJ028-0245|and mounting upon the walls along both sides of the stream, would so have caught the enemy as it were in a trap.|and maʊntɪŋ əpɒn ðə wɔːlz ɐlɒŋ bəʊθ saɪdz ɒvðə stɹiːm, wʊd səʊ hav kɔːt ðɪ ɛnəmi az ɪt wɜːɹ ɪn ɐ tɹap.
LJ002-0281|The demands for fees were excessive in Giltspur Street.|ðə dɪmandz fɔː fiːz wɜːɹ ɛksɛsɪv ɪn ɡɪltspʊə stɹiːt.
LJ017-0166|but was careful to prime them with his facts and lead them if possible to accept his diagnosis of the case.|bʌt wɒz keəfəl tə pɹaɪm ðɛm wɪð hɪz fakts and liːd ðɛm ɪf pɒsəbəl tʊ ɐksɛpt hɪz daɪəɡnəʊsɪs ɒvðə keɪs.
LJ026-0142|It is also clear that catabolism or oxidation for the liberation of energy occurs as in animals, but this process is slower.|ɪt ɪz ɒlsəʊ kliə ðat katɐbəʊlɪzəm ɔːɹ ɒksɪdeɪʃən fəðə lɪbəɹeɪʃən ɒv ɛnədʒi əkɜːz az ɪn anɪməlz, bʌt ðɪs pɹəʊsɛs ɪz sləʊə.
LJ002-0256|A committee of collegians was elected to act as the executive, also a secretary or accountant to receive monies and keep books,|ɐ kəmɪti ɒv kəliːdʒənz wɒz ɪlɛktɪd tʊ akt az ðɪ ɛɡzɛkjuːtɪv, ɒlsəʊ ɐ sɛkɹətɹɪ ɔːɹ ɐkaʊntənt tə ɹɪsiːv mʌnɪz and kiːp bʊks,
LJ046-0087|Absolute security is neither practical nor possible. An approach to complete security would require the President|absəluːt sɪkjʊəɹɪti ɪz naɪðə pɹaktɪkəl nɔː pɒsəbəl. ɐn ɐpɹəʊtʃ tə kəmpliːt sɪkjʊəɹɪti wʊd ɹɪkwaɪə ðə pɹɛzɪdənt
LJ028-0237|with orders to march into the town by the bed of the stream, as soon as the water became shallow enough,|wɪð ɔːdəz tə mɑːtʃ ɪntʊ ðə taʊn baɪ ðə bɛd ɒvðə stɹiːm, az suːn az ðə wɔːtə bɪkeɪm ʃaləʊ ɪnʌf,
LJ046-0092|has confidence in the dedicated Secret Service men who are ready to lay down their lives for him|hɐz kɒnfɪdəns ɪnðə dɛdɪkeɪtɪd siːkɹət sɜːvɪs mɛn huː ɑː ɹɛdi tə leɪ daʊn ðeə laɪvz fɔː hɪm
LJ049-0035|However, such access to the President was interfered with both by the metal bar some fifteen inches above the back of the front seat|haʊɛvə, sʌtʃ aksɛs tə ðə pɹɛzɪdənt wɒz ɪntəfiəd wɪð bəʊθ baɪ ðə mɛtəl bɑː sʌm fɪftiːn ɪntʃɪz əbʌv ðə bak ɒvðə fɹʌnt siːt
LJ005-0293|In these places the prisoners are often without a proper supply of air and light, frequently the jails are mere dungeons under the town hall.|ɪn ðiːz pleɪsɪz ðə pɹɪzənəz ɑːɹ ɒfən wɪðaʊt ɐ pɹɒpə səplaɪ ɒv eə and laɪt, fɹiːkwəntli ðə dʒeɪlz ɑː miə dʌndʒənz ʌndə ðə taʊn hɔːl.
LJ019-0186|seeing that since the establishment of the Central Criminal Court, Newgate received prisoners for trial from several counties,|siːɪŋ ðat sɪns ðɪ ɪstablɪʃmənt ɒvðə sɛntɹəl kɹɪmɪnəl kɔːt, njuːɡeɪt ɹɪsiːvd pɹɪzənəz fɔː tɹaɪəl fɹɒm sɛvɹəl kaʊntɪz,
LJ037-0110|Guinyard claimed that the man ran down the east side of Patton and passed within ten feet of him before crossing to the other side.|ɡɪnjɑːd kleɪmd ðatðə man ɹan daʊn ðɪ iːst saɪd ɒv patən and past wɪðɪn tɛn fiːt ɒv hɪm bɪfɔː kɹɒsɪŋ tə ðɪ ʌðə saɪd.
LJ003-0231|such as Messrs. Birch of Cornhill and Messrs. Leach and Dollimore of Ludgate Hill.|sʌtʃ ɐz mɛsrz. bɜːtʃ ɒv kɔːnhɪl and mɛsrz. liːtʃ and dɒlɪmɔːɹ ɒv lʌdɡeɪt hɪl.
LJ017-0086|For this purpose he gave, or there was the strongest presumption that he gave,|fɔː ðɪs pɜːpəs hiː ɡeɪv, ɔː ðeəwɒz ðə stɹɒŋɡəst pɹɪsʌmpʃən ðat hiː ɡeɪv,
LJ048-0107|Love Field and the Trade Mart.|lʌv fiːld and ðə tɹeɪd mɑːt.
LJ044-0083|was greatly impeded by the fact that the radio debate over WDSU on August twenty-one, nineteen sixty-three,|wɒz ɡɹeɪtli ɪmpiːdɪd baɪ ðə fakt ðatðə ɹeɪdɪəʊ dɪbeɪt əʊvə dʌbəljuːdiːɛsjuː ɒn ɔːɡəst twɛntiwɒn, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː,
LJ047-0099|Quigley recalled that Oswald was receptive when questioned about his general background|kwɪɡlɪ ɹɪkɔːld ðat ɒswəld wɒz ɹɪsɛptɪv wɛn kwɛstʃənd ɐbaʊt hɪz dʒɛnəɹəl bakɡɹaʊnd
LJ049-0132|The Commission believes that it is necessary to improve the cooperation among these agencies|ðə kəmɪʃən bɪliːvz ðɐtɪt ɪz nɛsəsəɹi tʊ ɪmpɹuːv ðə kəʊɒpəɹeɪʃən ɐmʌŋ ðiːz eɪdʒənsiz
LJ025-0130|Touch one of them with the end of a fine human hair|tʌtʃ wɒn ɒv ðɛm wɪððɪ ɛnd əvə faɪn hjuːmən heə
LJ041-0091|Powers considered Oswald to be meek and easily led|paʊəz kənsɪdəd ɒswəld təbi miːk and iːzɪlɪ lɛd
LJ044-0235|If there was no conspiracy which would help him escape, the possibility of which has been considered in chapter six,|ɪf ðeəwɒz nəʊ kənspɪɹəsi wɪtʃ wʊd hɛlp hɪm ɛskeɪp, ðə pɒsəbɪlɪti ɒvwɪtʃ hɐzbɪn kənsɪdəd ɪn tʃaptə sɪks,
LJ017-0082|He fixed upon a sporting friend, Mr John Parsons Cook, who had been in luck at Shrewsbury races, both as a winner and a backer,|hiː fɪkst əpɒn ɐ spɔːtɪŋ fɹɛnd, mɪstə dʒɒn pɑːsənz kʊk, huː hɐdbɪn ɪn lʌk at ʃɹuːzbɹɪ ɹeɪsɪz, bəʊθ az ɐ wɪnə and ɐ bakə,
LJ029-0093|he was told that forty-five minutes had been allotted for a motorcade procession from Love Field to the luncheon site.|hiː wɒz təʊld ðat fɔːtifaɪv mɪnɪts hɐdbɪn ɐlɒtɪd fəɹə məʊtəkeɪd pɹəsɛʃən fɹɒm lʌv fiːld tə ðə lʌntʃən saɪt.
LJ042-0162|Full of optimism and hope, he stood in Red Square in the Fall of nineteen fifty-nine, vowing to see his chosen course through,|fʊl ɒv ɒptɪmɪzəm and həʊp, hiː stʊd ɪn ɹɛd skweəɹ ɪnðə fɔːl ɒv naɪntiːn fɪftinaɪn, vaʊɪŋ tə siː hɪz tʃəʊzən kɔːs θɹuː,
LJ010-0028|The causes also continued much the same. Passion, revenge, cupidity, sudden ebullitions of homicidal rage,|ðə kɔːzɪz ɒlsəʊ kəntɪnjuːd mʌtʃ ðə seɪm. paʃən, ɹɪvɛndʒ, kjuːpɪdɪti, sʌdən ɪbʊlɪʃənz ɒv hɒmɪsaɪdəl ɹeɪdʒ,
LJ018-0254|He declined to plead, but a plea of Not Guilty was recorded.|hiː dɪklaɪnd tə pliːd, bʌt ɐ pliː ɒv nɒt ɡɪlti wɒz ɹɪkɔːdɪd.
LJ002-0240|At one time the Marshalsea was the receptacle of pirates, but none were committed to it after seventeen eighty-nine.|at wɒn taɪm ðə mɑːʃɐlsiː wʌzðə ɹɪsɛptəkəl ɒv paɪɹəts, bʌt nʌn wɜː kəmɪtɪd tʊ ɪt aftə sɛvəntiːn eɪtinaɪn.
LJ027-0034|Hence, as Jordan has said, the inside of an animal tells the real history of its ancestry, the outside tells us only where its ancestors have been.|hɛns, az dʒɔːdən hɐz sɛd, ðɪ ɪnsaɪd əvən anɪməl tɛlz ðə ɹiəl hɪstəɹi ɒv ɪts ansɛstɹi, ðɪ aʊtsaɪd tɛlz ʌs əʊnli weəɹ ɪts ansɛstəz hɐvbɪn.
LJ005-0246|where prisoners before and after trial are under no efficient superintendence, and where there was no restraint, or attempt at restraint.|weə pɹɪzənəz bɪfɔː and aftə tɹaɪəl ɑːɹ ʌndə nəʊ ɪfɪʃənt suːpəɹɪntɛndəns, and weə ðeəwɒz nəʊ ɹɪstɹeɪnt, ɔːɹ ɐtɛmpt at ɹɪstɹeɪnt.
LJ046-0049|More often than not, Presidential journeys have served more than one purpose at the same time, ceremonial,|mɔːɹ ɒfən ðɐn nɒt, pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl dʒɜːnɪz hav sɜːvd mɔː ðɐn wɒn pɜːpəs at ðə seɪm taɪm, sɛɹɪməʊnɪəl,
LJ040-0219|It would be incorrect, however, to believe that those aspects of Lees personality which were observed in New York|ɪt wʊd biː ɪnkəɹɛkt, haʊɛvə, tə bɪliːv ðat ðəʊz aspɛkts ɒv liːz pɜːsənalɪti wɪtʃ wɜːɹ ɒbzɜːvd ɪn njuː jɔːk
LJ002-0251|Drunkenness was not common, chiefly because liquor was not to be had freely, although the tapster paid a rent of two guineas a week for permission to sell it.|dɹʌŋkənnəs wɒz nɒt kɒmən, tʃiːfli bɪkʌz lɪkə wɒz nɒt təbi hɐd fɹiːli, ɒlðəʊ ðə tapstə peɪd ɐ ɹɛnt ɒv tuː ɡɪniz ɐ wiːk fɔː pəmɪʃən tə sɛl ɪt.
LJ030-0160|it was calculated that the car required eight point three seconds to cover the one hundred thirty-six feet.|ɪt wɒz kalkjʊleɪtɪd ðatðə kɑː ɹɪkwaɪəd eɪt pɔɪnt θɹiː sɛkəndz tə kʌvə ðə wɒn hʌndɹəd θɜːtisɪks fiːt.
LJ007-0007|had provided work for those who had hitherto passed their time in total idleness, and had made the treatment of female transports on the way to New South Wales|hɐd pɹəvaɪdɪd wɜːk fɔː ðəʊz huː hɐd hɪðətuː past ðeə taɪm ɪn təʊtəl aɪdəlnəs, and hɐd meɪd ðə tɹiːtmənt ɒv fiːmeɪl tɹanspɔːts ɒnðə weɪ tə njuː saʊθ weɪlz
LJ012-0140|Solomons was not straightforward in his replies as to where he got the gold, and he was soon placed in the dock with the Caspars and Moss.|sɒlɒmənz wɒz nɒt stɹeɪtfɔːwəd ɪn hɪz ɹɪplaɪz az tʊ weə hiː ɡɒt ðə ɡəʊld, and hiː wɒz suːn pleɪst ɪnðə dɒk wɪððə kaspɑːz and mɒs.
LJ047-0120|was considered sufficiently unusual to necessitate another interview. Alan H. Belmont, Assistant to the Director of the FBI,|wɒz kənsɪdəd səfɪʃəntli ʌnjuːʒuːəl tə nəsɛsɪteɪt ɐnʌðəɹ ɪntəvjuː. alən eɪtʃ. bɛlmɒnt, ɐsɪstənt tə ðə daɪɹɛktəɹ ɒvðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ,
LJ016-0354|and the ordinary, in a voice trembling with emotion, read the burial service aloud.|and ðɪ ɔːdɪnəɹi, ɪn ɐ vɔɪs tɹɛmblɪŋ wɪð ɪməʊʃən, ɹiːd ðə bɛɹɪəl sɜːvɪs ɐlaʊd.
LJ037-0009|One witness felt he was too distant from the gunman to make a positive identification.|wɒn wɪtnəs fɛlt hiː wɒz tuː dɪstənt fɹʌmðə ɡʌnmən tə meɪk ɐ pɒzɪtɪv aɪdɛntɪfɪkeɪʃən.
LJ030-0238|and then looked around again and saw more of this movement, and so I proceeded to go to the back seat and get on top of him.|and ðɛn lʊkt ɐɹaʊnd ɐɡɛn and sɔː mɔːɹ ɒv ðɪs muːvmənt, and səʊ aɪ pɹəsiːdɪd tə ɡəʊ tə ðə bak siːt and ɡɛt ɒn tɒp ɒv hɪm.
LJ020-0030|Sift into it white flour, meal and salt, and stir up well while dry.|sɪft ɪntʊ ɪt waɪt flaʊə, miːl and sɒlt, and stɜːɹ ʌp wɛl waɪl dɹaɪ.
LJ012-0293|But the medical evidence was clear that the decapitation had been effected during life, and the jury, after a short deliberation,|bʌt ðə mɛdɪkəl ɛvɪdəns wɒz kliə ðatðə dɪkapɪteɪʃən hɐdbɪn ɪfɛktɪd djʊəɹɪŋ laɪf, and ðə dʒʊəɹi, aftəɹ ɐ ʃɔːt dɪlɪbəɹeɪʃən,
LJ009-0183|the site of the present Sessions House of the Old Bailey, and the operation was witnessed by students and a number of curious spectators.|ðə saɪt ɒvðə pɹɛzənt sɛʃənz haʊs ɒvðɪ əʊld beɪlɪ, and ðɪ ɒpəɹeɪʃən wɒz wɪtnəst baɪ stjuːdənts and ɐ nʌmbəɹ ɒv kjʊɹɪəs spɛkteɪtəz.
LJ041-0167|While waiting for the parade to start they talked briefly about nineteen eighty-four|waɪl weɪtɪŋ fəðə pəɹeɪd tə stɑːt ðeɪ tɔːkt bɹiːfli ɐbaʊt naɪntiːn eɪtifɔː
LJ009-0133|the outside public continued to be excluded from the Newgate chapel on the day the condemned sermon was preached.|ðɪ aʊtsaɪd pʌblɪk kəntɪnjuːd təbi ɛkskluːdɪd fɹʌmðə njuːɡeɪt tʃapəl ɒnðə deɪ ðə kəndɛmd sɜːmən wɒz pɹiːtʃt.
LJ008-0188|Every window and roof which could command a view of the horrible performance was occupied.|ɛvɹɪ wɪndəʊ and ɹuːf wɪtʃ kʊd kəmand ɐ vjuː ɒvðə hɒɹɪbəl pəfɔːməns wɒz ɒkjʊpaɪd.
LJ044-0162|I only know that his basic desire was to get to Cuba by any means, and that all the rest of it was window dressing for that purpose. End quote.|aɪ əʊnli nəʊ ðat hɪz beɪsɪk dɪzaɪə wɒz tə ɡɛt tə kjuːbə baɪ ɛni miːnz, and ðat ɔːl ðə ɹɛst ɒv ɪt wɒz wɪndəʊ dɹɛsɪŋ fɔː ðat pɜːpəs. ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ005-0250|The prisoners were crowded together in the jail, contrary to the requirements of the four George the fourth|ðə pɹɪzənəz wɜː kɹaʊdɪd təɡɛðəɹ ɪnðə dʒeɪl, kɒntɹəɹɪ tə ðə ɹɪkwaɪəmənts ɒvðə fɔː dʒɔːdʒ ðə fɔːθ
LJ016-0265|the crowd had come to witness a popular and gratuitous public performance -- better than a prize-fight or a play.|ðə kɹaʊd hɐd kʌm tə wɪtnəs ɐ pɒpjʊlə and ɡɹatjuːɪtəs pʌblɪk pəfɔːməns bɛtə ðanə pɹaɪzfaɪt ɔːɹ ɐ pleɪ.
LJ038-0134|An examination of the roominghouse register revealed that Oswald actually signed the name O. H. Lee.|ɐn ɛɡzamɪneɪʃən ɒvðə ɹuːmɪŋhaʊs ɹɛdʒɪstə ɹɪviːld ðat ɒswəld aktʃuːəli saɪnd ðə neɪm əʊ. eɪtʃ. liː.
LJ042-0072|Still intent, however, on staying in the Soviet Union,|stɪl ɪntɛnt, haʊɛvə, ɒn steɪɪŋ ɪnðə səʊviət juːniən,
LJ039-0025|After further questioning|aftə fɜːðə kwɛstʃənɪŋ
LJ046-0196|were filed on a geographic basis, and could conveniently be reviewed by a Secret Service agent preparing for a Presidential trip|wɜː faɪld ɒn ɐ dʒɪəɡɹafɪk beɪsɪs, and kʊd kənviːnɪəntli biː ɹɪvjuːd baɪ ɐ siːkɹət sɜːvɪs eɪdʒənt pɹɪpeəɹɪŋ fəɹə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl tɹɪp
LJ048-0166|But on out-of-town trips where the route is decided on and made public only a few days in advance,|bʌt ɒn aʊtəvtaʊn tɹɪps weə ðə ɹuːt ɪz dɪsaɪdɪd ɒn and meɪd pʌblɪk əʊnli ɐ fjuː deɪz ɪn ɐdvans,
LJ013-0006|who was convicted in eighteen forty-one of uttering false exchequer bills to an almost fabulous amount.|huː wɒz kənvɪktɪd ɪn eɪtiːn fɔːtiwɒn ɒv ʌtəɹɪŋ fɒls ɛkstʃɛkə bɪlz tʊ ɐn ɔːlməʊst fabjʊləs ɐmaʊnt.
LJ001-0073|went on apace, and by the end of the sixteenth century there was no really beautiful printing done,|wɛnt ɒn ɐpeɪs, and baɪ ðɪ ɛnd ɒvðə sɪkstiːnθ sɛntʃəɹi ðeəwɒz nəʊ ɹiəlɪ bjuːtɪfəl pɹɪntɪŋ dʌn,
LJ023-0093|Chief Justice Hughes said in a dissenting opinion that the majority opinion was a departure from sound principles,|tʃiːf dʒʌstɪs hjuːz sɛd ɪn ɐ dɪsɛntɪŋ əpɪniən ðatðə mədʒɒɹɪti əpɪniən wʌzɐ dɪpɑːtʃə fɹɒm saʊnd pɹɪnsɪpəlz,
LJ039-0078|The effect of a four-power telescopic sight on the difficulty of these shots was considered in detail|ðɪ ɪfɛkt əvə fɔːpaʊə tɛlɪskɒpɪk saɪt ɒnðə dɪfɪkʌlti ɒv ðiːz ʃɒts wɒz kənsɪdəd ɪn diːteɪl
LJ030-0090|Vice President Johnson sat on the right-hand side of the rear seat, Mrs Johnson in the center, and Senator Yarborough on the left.|vaɪs pɹɛzɪdənt dʒɒnsən sat ɒnðə ɹaɪthand saɪd ɒvðə ɹiə siːt, mɪsɪz dʒɒnsən ɪnðə sɛntə, and sɛnətə jɑːbʌɹəɹ ɒnðə lɛft.
LJ016-0320|But these, it was thought, might be provided by the admission of the press and the holding of a coroners inquest.|bʌt ðiːz, ɪt wɒz θɔːt, maɪt biː pɹəvaɪdɪd baɪ ðɪ ɐdmɪʃən ɒvðə pɹɛs and ðə həʊldɪŋ əvə kɒɹənəz ɪnkwɛst.
LJ022-0184|not by a few private banking institutions, but by a body with public prestige and authority.|nɒt baɪ ɐ fjuː pɹaɪvət baŋkɪŋ ɪnstɪtjuːʃənz, bʌt baɪ ɐ bɒdi wɪð pʌblɪk pɹɛstiːʒ and ɐθɒɹɪti.
LJ022-0033|To get away from the trees, as they say, and to look at the whole forest.|tə ɡɛt ɐweɪ fɹʌmðə tɹiːz, az ðeɪ seɪ, and tə lʊk at ðə həʊl fɒɹɪst.
LJ018-0185|A Bow Street officer saw him leaving London in the evening by Camberwell Green, accompanied by two other men.|ɐ bəʊ stɹiːt ɒfɪsə sɔː hɪm liːvɪŋ lʌndən ɪnðɪ iːvnɪŋ baɪ kambəwɛl ɡɹiːn, ɐkʌmpənɪd baɪ tuː ʌðə mɛn.
LJ021-0062|in great part through the cooperation of American business brought about under the codes.|ɪn ɡɹeɪt pɑːt θɹuː ðə kəʊɒpəɹeɪʃən ɒv ɐmɛɹɪkən bɪznəs bɹɔːt ɐbaʊt ʌndə ðə kəʊdz.
LJ002-0190|The best, or at least the most influential prisoners, got lodging in the State House, which contained eight large handsome rooms.|ðə bɛst, ɔːɹ at liːst ðə məʊst ɪnfluːɛnʃəl pɹɪzənəz, ɡɒt lɒdʒɪŋ ɪnðə steɪt haʊs, wɪtʃ kənteɪnd eɪt lɑːdʒ handsʌm ɹuːmz.
LJ021-0181|thereby saving the British treasury one hundred and fifty million dollars a year in interest alone?|ðeəbaɪ seɪvɪŋ ðə bɹɪtɪʃ tɹɛʒəɹi wɒn hʌndɹəd and fɪfti mɪliən dɒləz ɐ jiəɹ ɪn ɪntɹəst ɐləʊn?
LJ013-0166|While Courvoisier opened the shutters, the housemaid, approaching the bed, saw that the pillow was saturated with blood.|waɪl kɜːvɔɪzɪəɹ əʊpənd ðə ʃʌtəz, ðə haʊsmeɪd, ɐpɹəʊtʃɪŋ ðə bɛd, sɔː ðatðə pɪləʊ wɒz satʃəɹeɪtɪd wɪð blʌd.
LJ039-0037|Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson was in Dallas for a visit which had been publicized in the Dallas newspapers|vaɪs pɹɛzɪdənt lɪndən biː. dʒɒnsən wɒz ɪn daləs fəɹə vɪzɪt wɪtʃ hɐdbɪn pʌblɪsaɪzd ɪnðə daləs njuːzpeɪpəz
LJ005-0242|In the year immediately preceding this, Parliament was too busy with the great question of its own reform to spare much time for domestic legislation.|ɪnðə jiəɹ ɪmiːdɪətli pɹɪsiːdɪŋ ðɪs, pɑːləmənt wɒz tuː bɪzi wɪððə ɡɹeɪt kwɛstʃən ɒv ɪts əʊn ɹɪfɔːm tə speə mʌtʃ taɪm fɔː dəmɛstɪk lɛdʒɪsleɪʃən.
LJ006-0130|had a key of both the masters side and middle side yards, was the only person present at the distribution of beer, and was trusted to examine,|hɐd ɐ kiː ɒv bəʊθ ðə mastəz saɪd and mɪdəl saɪd jɑːdz, wʌzðɪ əʊnli pɜːsən pɹɛzənt at ðə dɪstɹɪbjuːʃən ɒv biə, and wɒz tɹʌstɪd tʊ ɛɡzamɪn,
LJ015-0048|But worse than the bankruptcy was the confession made by the partners in the court.|bʌt wɜːs ðɐn ðə baŋkɹʌptsi wʌzðə kənfɛʃən meɪd baɪ ðə pɑːtnəz ɪnðə kɔːt.
LJ012-0049|led him to think seriously of trying his fortunes in another land.|lɛd hɪm tə θɪŋk siəɹɪəsli ɒv tɹaɪɪŋ hɪz fɔːtʃuːnz ɪn ɐnʌðə land.
LJ005-0055|or a dungeon above or below the gate of a town, to the first attempts at systematic reconstruction carried out under the advice and supervision of Howard.|ɔːɹ ɐ dʌndʒən əbʌv ɔː bɪləʊ ðə ɡeɪt əvə taʊn, tə ðə fɜːst ɐtɛmpts at sɪstəmatɪk ɹiːkənstɹʌkʃən kaɹɪd aʊt ʌndə ðɪ ɐdvaɪs and suːpəvɪʒən ɒv haʊəd.
LJ050-0129|and this source should not be neglected by undue concentration on relationships with other Federal agencies.|and ðɪs sɔːs ʃʊd nɒt biː nɪɡlɛktɪd baɪ ʌndjuː kɒnsəntɹeɪʃən ɒn ɹɪleɪʃənʃɪps wɪð ʌðə fɛdəɹəl eɪdʒənsiz.
LJ041-0133|which finally declined to modify the discharge and so advised him in a letter dated July nineteen sixty-three.|wɪtʃ faɪnəli dɪklaɪnd tə mɒdɪfaɪ ðə dɪstʃɑːdʒ and səʊ ɐdvaɪzd hɪm ɪn ɐ lɛtə deɪtɪd dʒuːlaɪ naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː.
LJ010-0097|Here they were surprised by the police, headed by a magistrate, and supported by a strong detachment of Her Majestys Guards.|hiə ðeɪ wɜː səpɹaɪzd baɪ ðə pəliːs, hɛdɪd baɪ ɐ madʒɪstɹeɪt, and səpɔːtɪd baɪ ɐ stɹɒŋ dɪtatʃmənt ɒv hɜː madʒəstɪz ɡɑːdz.
LJ003-0001|The Chronicles of Newgate, Volume two. By Arthur Griffiths. Section five, Newgate down to eighteen eighteen, part two.|ðə kɹɒnɪkəlz ɒv njuːɡeɪt, vɒljuːm tuː. baɪ ɑːθə ɡɹɪfɪθs. sɛkʃən faɪv, njuːɡeɪt daʊn tʊ eɪtiːn eɪtiːn, pɑːt tuː.
LJ020-0050|Toss the lump dough upon it and knead thoroughly for five minutes.|tɒs ðə lʌmp dəʊ əpɒn ɪt and niːd θʌɹəli fɔː faɪv mɪnɪts.
LJ028-0172|The ascent to the top is on the outside, by a path which winds round all the towers.|ðɪ ɐsɛnt tə ðə tɒp ɪz ɒnðɪ aʊtsaɪd, baɪ ɐ paθ wɪtʃ waɪndz ɹaʊnd ɔːl ðə taʊəz.
LJ026-0034|When any given protist has to be classified the case must be decided on its individual merits,|wɛn ɛni ɡɪvən pɹɒtɪst hɐz təbi klasɪfaɪd ðə keɪs mʌst biː dɪsaɪdɪd ɒn ɪts ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəl mɛɹɪts,
LJ040-0226|I couldnt in all honesty sincerely say such a thing.|aɪ kʊdnt ɪn ɔːl ɒnɪsti sɪnsiəli seɪ sʌtʃ ɐ θɪŋ.
LJ032-0240|By Sunday, March thirty-one, nineteen sixty-three,|baɪ sʌndeɪ, mɑːtʃ θɜːtiwɒn, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː,
LJ017-0110|He said nothing, but began to feel uneasy when he found that Cooks betting-book was missing, and that Palmer put it forward|hiː sɛd nʌθɪŋ, bʌt bɪɡan tə fiːl ʌniːzi wɛn hiː faʊnd ðat kʊks bɛtɪŋbʊk wɒz mɪsɪŋ, and ðat pɑːmə pʊt ɪt fɔːwəd
LJ018-0353|Wainwrights demeanor after sentence has been described in the last chapter.|weɪnɹaɪts dɪmiːnəɹ aftə sɛntəns hɐzbɪn dɪskɹaɪbd ɪnðə last tʃaptə.
LJ043-0010|Some of the members of that group saw a good deal of the Oswalds through the fall of nineteen sixty-three,|sʌm ɒvðə mɛmbəz ɒv ðat ɡɹuːp sɔː ɐ ɡʊd diːl ɒvðɪ ɒswəldz θɹuː ðə fɔːl ɒv naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː,
LJ023-0132|But, at the same time, we must have judges who will bring to the courts a present-day sense of the Constitution|bʌt, at ðə seɪm taɪm, wiː mʌstɐv dʒʌdʒɪz huː wɪl bɹɪŋ tə ðə kɔːts ɐ pɹɛzəntdeɪ sɛns ɒvðə kɒnstɪtjuːʃən
LJ030-0092|occupied the right-hand side of the front seat, and Hurchel Jacks of the Texas State Highway patrol was the driver.|ɒkjʊpaɪd ðə ɹaɪthand saɪd ɒvðə fɹʌnt siːt, and hɜːtʃəl dʒaks ɒvðə tɛksəs steɪt haɪweɪ pɐtɹəʊl wʌzðə dɹaɪvə.
LJ049-0182|In addition, the Commission has concluded that the Secret Service particularly tends to be the passive recipient of information|ɪn ɐdɪʃən, ðə kəmɪʃən hɐz kənkluːdɪd ðatðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs pətɪkjʊləli tɛndz təbi ðə pasɪv ɹɪsɪpiənt ɒv ɪnfəmeɪʃən
LJ002-0214|was a prison for debtors and persons committed for contempt by the courts of Chancery, Exchequer, and Common Pleas.|wʌzɐ pɹɪzən fɔː dɛtəz and pɜːsənz kəmɪtɪd fɔː kəntɛmpt baɪ ðə kɔːts ɒv tʃansəɹi, ɛkstʃɛkə, and kɒmən pliːz.
LJ036-0111|Whaleys memory of the lineup is inaccurate. There were four men altogether, not six men, in the lineup with Oswald.|weɪlɪz mɛməɹi ɒvðə laɪnʌp ɪz ɪnakjʊɹət. ðeəwɜː fɔː mɛn ɔːltəɡɛðə, nɒt sɪks mɛn, ɪnðə laɪnʌp wɪð ɒswəld.
LJ019-0084|The greatest pains might be taken to secure isolation,|ðə ɡɹeɪtəst peɪnz maɪt biː teɪkən tə sɪkjʊəɹ aɪsəleɪʃən,
LJ024-0107|The first includes those who fundamentally object to social and economic legislation along modern lines.|ðə fɜːst ɪnkluːdz ðəʊz huː fʌndəmɛntəli ɒbdʒɛkt tə səʊʃəl and iːkənɒmɪk lɛdʒɪsleɪʃən ɐlɒŋ mɒdən laɪnz.
LJ017-0205|Wilson was duly sentenced to death, and suffered impenitent, hardened, and without any confession of her guilt.|wɪlsən wɒz djuːli sɛntənst tə dɛθ, and sʌfəd ɪmpɛnɪtənt, hɑːdənd, and wɪðaʊt ɛni kənfɛʃən ɒv hɜː ɡɪlt.
LJ020-0105|Weave the little duties in and under and among what seem to be the greater.|wiːv ðə lɪtəl djuːtɪz ɪn and ʌndəɹ and ɐmʌŋ wɒt siːm təbi ðə ɡɹeɪtə.
LJ020-0101|From the beginning of your apprenticeship in housewifery, learn how to dovetail your duties neatly into one another.|fɹʌmðə bɪɡɪnɪŋ ɒv jɔːɹ ɐpɹɛntɪsʃɪp ɪn haʊswɪfəɹi, lɜːn haʊ tə dʌvteɪl jɔː djuːtɪz niːtli ɪntʊ wɒn ɐnʌðə.
LJ044-0122|I should always remain in the background, i e underground, end quote.|aɪ ʃʊd ɔːlweɪz ɹɪmeɪn ɪnðə bakɡɹaʊnd, aɪ iː ʌndəɡɹaʊnd, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ015-0238|The thieves took first-class tickets, handed their bags full of shot to the porters, who placed them in the guards van.|ðə θiːvz tʊk fɜːstklas tɪkɪts, handɪd ðeə baɡz fʊl ɒv ʃɒt tə ðə pɔːtəz, huː pleɪst ðɛm ɪnðə ɡɑːdz van.
LJ018-0370|unhappily show that society is more than ever at the mercy of the insidious and unscrupulous administration of poisonous drugs.|ʌnhapɪlɪ ʃəʊ ðat səsaɪəti ɪz mɔː ðɐn ɛvəɹ at ðə mɜːsi ɒvðɪ ɪnsɪdɪəs and ʌnskɹuːpjʊləs ɐdmɪnɪstɹeɪʃən ɒv pɔɪzənəs dɹʌɡz.
LJ013-0161|the furniture turned upside down, the drawers of the escritoire open and rifled,|ðə fɜːnɪtʃə tɜːnd ʌpsaɪd daʊn, ðə dɹɔːz ɒvðɪ ɛskɹɪtwɑːɹ əʊpən and ɹaɪfəld,
LJ034-0181|and he had brown hair, a slender face and neck with light complexion, and looked to be twenty-two or twenty-four years old.|and hiː hɐd bɹaʊn heə, ɐ slɛndə feɪs and nɛk wɪð laɪt kəmplɛkʃən, and lʊkt təbi twɛntituː ɔː twɛntifɔː jiəz əʊld.
LJ009-0250|in such a way that the executioner found a difficulty in pinioning his hands.|ɪn sʌtʃ ɐ weɪ ðatðɪ ɛksɪkjuːʃənə faʊnd ɐ dɪfɪkʌlti ɪn pɪniənɪŋ hɪz handz.
LJ050-0158|the Department hopes to design a practical system which will fully meet the needs of the Protective Research Section of the Secret Service.|ðə dɪpɑːtmənt həʊps tə dɪzaɪn ɐ pɹaktɪkəl sɪstəm wɪtʃ wɪl fʊli miːt ðə niːdz ɒvðə pɹətɛktɪv ɹɪsɜːtʃ sɛkʃən ɒvðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs.
LJ011-0163|She was not in immediate danger, but she wished to see her daughter, as it was possible she might soon become incapable of recognizing any one.|ʃiː wɒz nɒt ɪn ɪmiːdɪət deɪndʒə, bʌt ʃiː wɪʃt tə siː hɜː dɔːtə, az ɪt wɒz pɒsəbəl ʃiː maɪt suːn bɪkʌm ɪnkeɪpəbəl ɒv ɹɛkəɡnaɪzɪŋ ɛni wɒn.
LJ013-0217|varied so considerably in the several documents he left behind, that too much reliance cannot be placed upon his confession.|veəɹid səʊ kənsɪdəɹəblɪ ɪnðə sɛvɹəl dɒkjuːmənts hiː lɛft bɪhaɪnd, ðat tuː mʌtʃ ɹɪlaɪəns kanɒt biː pleɪst əpɒn hɪz kənfɛʃən.
LJ042-0125|I am increasingly aware of the presence, in all thing, of Lebizen, shop party secretary, fat, fortyish, and jovial on the outside.|aɪɐm ɪnkɹiːsɪŋlɪ ɐweəɹ ɒvðə pɹɛzəns, ɪn ɔːl θɪŋ, ɒv lɛbɪzən, ʃɒp pɑːti sɛkɹətɹɪ, fat, fɔːtɪɪʃ, and dʒəʊvɪəl ɒnðɪ aʊtsaɪd.
LJ014-0078|that she stood behind him as he stood near the open grave she herself had dug for him,|ðat ʃiː stʊd bɪhaɪnd hɪm az hiː stʊd niə ðɪ əʊpən ɡɹeɪv ʃiː hɜːsɛlf hɐd dʌɡ fɔː hɪm,
LJ041-0180|never heard him in any way, shape or form confess that he was a Communist, or that he ever thought about being a Communist, end quote.|nɛvə hɜːd hɪm ɪn ɛni weɪ, ʃeɪp ɔː fɔːm kənfɛs ðat hiː wʌzɐ kɒmjuːnɪst, ɔː ðat hiː ɛvə θɔːt ɐbaʊt biːɪŋ ɐ kɒmjuːnɪst, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ009-0226|gaming-tables were set up, cards were played under the gibbet, to the disturbance of the public peace and the annoyance of all decent people.|ɡeɪmɪŋteɪbəlz wɜː sɛt ʌp, kɑːdz wɜː pleɪd ʌndə ðə dʒɪbɪt, tə ðə dɪstɜːbəns ɒvðə pʌblɪk piːs and ðɪ ɐnɔɪəns ɒv ɔːl diːsənt piːpəl.
LJ007-0105|counsel for the two M.P.s, was also concerned.|kaʊnsəl fəðə tuː ɛm.piː.ɛs, wɒz ɒlsəʊ kənsɜːnd.
LJ049-0134|The Commission suggests that consideration might be given to assigning to a Cabinet-level committee or the National Security Council|ðə kəmɪʃən sədʒɛsts ðat kənsɪdəɹeɪʃən maɪt biː ɡɪvən tʊ ɐsaɪnɪŋ tʊ ɐ kabɪnətlɛvəl kəmɪti ɔː ðə naʃənəl sɪkjʊəɹɪti kaʊnsəl
LJ048-0126|Special Agent in Charge Sorrels testified that the advance preparations followed on this occasion were, quote, pretty much the same, end quote,|spɛʃəl eɪdʒənt ɪn tʃɑːdʒ sɒɹəlz tɛstɪfaɪd ðatðɪ ɐdvans pɹɛpəɹeɪʃənz fɒləʊd ɒn ðɪs əkeɪʒən wɜː, kwəʊt, pɹɪti mʌtʃ ðə seɪm, ɛnd kwəʊt,
LJ026-0049|In turn these will be compared for the animal and the plant,|ɪn tɜːn ðiːz wɪl biː kəmpeəd fəðɪ anɪməl and ðə plant,
LJ026-0077|to the chlorophyll bodies or chromatophores, for plants which, like fungi, etc., are devoid of chlorophyll, are unable thus to acquire energy.|tə ðə klɔːɹəʊfɪl bɒdɪz ɔː kɹəʊmɐtɒfɔːz, fɔː plants wɪtʃ, laɪk fʌŋɡi, ɛtsɛtɹə., ɑː dɪvɔɪd ɒv klɔːɹəʊfɪl, ɑːɹ ʌneɪbəl ðʌs tʊ ɐkwaɪəɹ ɛnədʒi.
LJ026-0118|Fat and carbohydrate foods, then, never become living matter.|fat and kɑːbəʊhaɪdɹeɪt fuːdz, ðɛn, nɛvə bɪkʌm lɪvɪŋ matə.
LJ027-0136|Illustrations quoted from the works of Romanes and Le Conte will make this principle clear.|ɪləstɹeɪʃənz kwəʊtɪd fɹʌmðə wɜːks ɒv ɹəʊmeɪnz and lə kəntɛ wɪl meɪk ðɪs pɹɪnsɪpəl kliə.
LJ042-0176|One offers oppression, the other poverty. Both offer imperialistic injustice, tinted with two brands of slavery, end quote.|wɒn ɒfəz əpɹɛʃən, ðɪ ʌðə pɒvəti. bəʊθ ɒfəɹ ɪmpiəɹɪəlɪstɪk ɪndʒʌstɪs, tɪntɪd wɪð tuː bɹandz ɒv sleɪvəɹɪ, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ004-0211|The moral welfare of the inmates was as closely looked after as the physical.|ðə mɒɹəl wɛlfeəɹ ɒvðɪ ɪnmeɪts wɒz az kləʊslɪ lʊkt aftəɹ az ðə fɪzɪkəl.
LJ008-0106|He was introduced by the ordinary, Dr Forde, a name familiar to the reader, who met him at the felons door|hiː wɒz ɪntɹədjuːst baɪ ðɪ ɔːdɪnəɹi, dɒktə fɔːd, ɐ neɪm fəmɪliə tə ðə ɹiːdə, huː mɛt hɪm at ðə fɛlənz dɔː
LJ031-0112|in its greatest diameter, was treated by cutting away the damaged skin and suturing the back muscle and skin.|ɪn ɪts ɡɹeɪtəst daɪamɪtə, wɒz tɹiːtɪd baɪ kʌtɪŋ ɐweɪ ðə damɪdʒd skɪn and suːtʃəɹɪŋ ðə bak mʌsəl and skɪn.
LJ049-0085|the State of Texas had exclusive jurisdiction.|ðə steɪt ɒv tɛksəs hɐd ɛkskluːsɪv dʒʊəɹɪsdɪkʃən.
LJ022-0042|to assist materially in our already unmistakable march toward recovery.|tʊ ɐsɪst mətiəɹɪəli ɪn aʊəɹ ɔːlɹɛdi ʌnmɪsteɪkəbəl mɑːtʃ tʊwɔːd ɹɪkʌvəɹi.
LJ016-0392|Jeffrey, who murdered his own child, an infant of six, by hanging him in a cellar in Seven Dials,|dʒɛfɹɪ, huː mɜːdəd hɪz əʊn tʃaɪld, ɐn ɪnfənt ɒv sɪks, baɪ haŋɪŋ hɪm ɪn ɐ sɛləɹ ɪn sɛvən daɪəlz,
LJ019-0194|not to exceed a certain sum to be agreed upon.|nɒt tʊ ɛksiːd ɐ sɜːtən sʌm təbi ɐɡɹiːd əpɒn.
LJ038-0248|was also identified by Marina Oswald as having been taken by her husband, presumably in connection with the Walker shooting.|wɒz ɒlsəʊ aɪdɛntɪfaɪd baɪ məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld az havɪŋ biːn teɪkən baɪ hɜː hʌsbənd, pɹɪzjuːməblɪ ɪn kənɛkʃən wɪððə wɔːkə ʃuːtɪŋ.
LJ035-0124|Neither Jarman, Norman, Williams, or Dougherty saw Oswald.|naɪðə dʒɑːmən, nɔːmən, wɪliəmz, ɔː dəʊəti sɔː ɒswəld.
LJ008-0058|From this bar hang several iron loops, in which the halters are tied.|fɹɒm ðɪs bɑː haŋ sɛvɹəl aɪən luːps, ɪn wɪtʃ ðə hɒltəz ɑː taɪd.
LJ042-0169|And yet, it is immature to take the sort of attitude which says, quote, a curse on both your houses! End quote.|and jɛt, ɪt ɪz ɪmətʃʊə tə teɪk ðə sɔːt ɒv atɪtjuːd wɪtʃ sɛz, kwəʊt, ɐ kɜːs ɒn bəʊθ jɔː haʊzɪz! ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ012-0284|It was not until he left the bus, and walked up by the Regents Canal, that he conceived the idea of throwing the head into the water.|ɪt wɒz nɒt ʌntɪl hiː lɛft ðə bʌs, and wɔːkt ʌp baɪ ðə ɹiːdʒənts kənal, ðat hiː kənsiːvd ðɪ aɪdiəɹ ɒv θɹəʊɪŋ ðə hɛd ɪntʊ ðə wɔːtə.
LJ016-0352|the officials spoke in whispers, there was but little moving to and fro.|ðɪ əfɪʃəlz spəʊk ɪn wɪspəz, ðeəwɒz bʌt lɪtəl muːvɪŋ tuːəndfɹəʊ.
LJ017-0024|and as Fenning, although convicted and executed, protested her innocence in the most solemn manner to the last,|and az fɛnɪŋ, ɒlðəʊ kənvɪktɪd and ɛksɪkjuːtɪd, pɹətɛstɪd hɜːɹ ɪnəsəns ɪnðə məʊst sɒləm manə tə ðə last,
LJ042-0128|I am stating to reconsider my desire about staying. The work is drab. The money I get has nowhere to be spent.|aɪɐm steɪtɪŋ tə ɹiːkənsɪdə maɪ dɪzaɪəɹ ɐbaʊt steɪɪŋ. ðə wɜːk ɪz dɹab. ðə mʌnɪ aɪ ɡɛt hɐz nəʊweə təbi spɛnt.
LJ004-0228|In eighteen eighteen prisoners awaiting trial in Newgate, were at length relieved from this illegal infliction.|ɪn eɪtiːn eɪtiːn pɹɪzənəz ɐweɪtɪŋ tɹaɪəl ɪn njuːɡeɪt, wɜːɹ at lɛŋθ ɹɪliːvd fɹɒm ðɪs ɪliːɡəl ɪnflɪkʃən.
LJ012-0136|Moss was known to be intimate with the elder Caspar,|mɒs wɒz nəʊn təbi ɪntɪmət wɪððɪ ɛldə kaspɑː,
LJ002-0314|was after eighteen oh seven, through the exertions of the keeper of the jail, spent in the purchase of necessaries.|wɒz aftəɹ eɪtiːn əʊ sɛvən, θɹuː ðɪ ɛɡzɜːʃənz ɒvðə kiːpəɹ ɒvðə dʒeɪl, spɛnt ɪnðə pɜːtʃɪs ɒv nɛsəsəɹɪz.
LJ006-0269|Decency was, however, insured by a line of demarcation, and visitors were kept upon each side of a separated double iron railing.|diːsənsi wɒz, haʊɛvə, ɪnʃʊəd baɪ ɐ laɪn ɒv dɪmɑːkeɪʃən, and vɪzɪtəz wɜː kɛpt əpɒn iːtʃ saɪd əvə sɛpəɹeɪtɪd dʌbəl aɪən ɹeɪlɪŋ.
LJ032-0025|the officers of Kleins discovered that a rifle bearing serial number C two seven six six had been shipped to one A. Hidell,|ðɪ ɒfɪsəz ɒv klaɪnz dɪskʌvəd ðatə ɹaɪfəl beəɹɪŋ siəɹɪəl nʌmbə siː tuː sɛvən sɪks sɪks hɐdbɪn ʃɪpt tə wɒn eɪ. haɪdəl,
LJ044-0144|Interest in Cuba|ɪntɹəst ɪn kjuːbə
LJ016-0231|When he came to the prison for his wages his grandchildren often accompanied him, affectionately clinging to his hands,|wɛn hiː keɪm tə ðə pɹɪzən fɔː hɪz weɪdʒɪz hɪz ɡɹandtʃɪldɹən ɒfən ɐkʌmpənɪd hɪm, ɐfɛkʃənətli klɪŋɪŋ tə hɪz handz,
LJ019-0139|These numbers would have still further decreased, and the jail would have been almost empty, but for the misdemeanants who were still sent to Newgate|ðiːz nʌmbəz wʊdhɐv stɪl fɜːðə diːkɹiːsd, and ðə dʒeɪl wʊdhɐv biːn ɔːlməʊst ɛmpti, bʌt fəðə mɪsdɪmiːnənts huː wɜː stɪl sɛnt tə njuːɡeɪt
LJ032-0033|Oswalds writing on these and other documents was identified by comparing the writing and printing on the documents in question|ɒswəldz ɹaɪtɪŋ ɒn ðiːz and ʌðə dɒkjuːmənts wɒz aɪdɛntɪfaɪd baɪ kəmpeəɹɪŋ ðə ɹaɪtɪŋ and pɹɪntɪŋ ɒnðə dɒkjuːmənts ɪn kwɛstʃən
LJ017-0159|and a life-interest in five thousand pounds, a fact on which Smethursts counsel dwelt with much weight,|and ɐ laɪfɪntɹəst ɪn faɪv θaʊzənd paʊndz, ɐ fakt ɒn wɪtʃ smɛθɜːsts kaʊnsəl dwɛlt wɪð mʌtʃ weɪt,
LJ048-0149|is essential. This would help to eliminate varying interpretations of Secret Service instructions by different local law enforcement representatives. For example,|ɪz ɪsɛnʃəl. ðɪs wʊd hɛlp tʊ ɪlɪmɪneɪt veəɹiɪŋ ɪntɜːpɹɪteɪʃənz ɒv siːkɹət sɜːvɪs ɪnstɹʌkʃənz baɪ dɪfɹənt ləʊkəl lɔː ɛnfɔːsmənt ɹɛpɹɪzɛntətɪvz. fɔːɹ ɛɡzampəl,
LJ045-0250|there emerged a man capable of assassinating President Kennedy.|ðeəɹ ɪmɜːdʒd ɐ man keɪpəbəl ɒv ɐsasɪneɪtɪŋ pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi.
LJ010-0106|He was in bed with his breeches on in the pockets of which were found a number of cartridges, the black belt he had worn at Cato Street,|hiː wɒz ɪn bɛd wɪð hɪz bɹiːtʃɪz ɒn ɪnðə pɒkɪts ɒvwɪtʃ wɜː faʊnd ɐ nʌmbəɹ ɒv kɑːtɹɪdʒɪz, ðə blak bɛlt hiː hɐd wɔːn at kɑːtəʊ stɹiːt,
LJ030-0141|a subsequent bullet, which was lethal, shattered the right side of his skull.|ɐ sʌbsɪkwənt bʊlɪt, wɪtʃ wɒz liːθəl, ʃatəd ðə ɹaɪt saɪd ɒv hɪz skʌl.
LJ045-0016|On October twenty-third, I had attended a ultra-right meeting headed by General Edwin A. Walker, who lives in Dallas.|ɒn ɒktəʊbə twɛntiθɜːd, aɪ hɐd ɐtɛndɪd ɐ ʌltɹəɹaɪt miːtɪŋ hɛdɪd baɪ dʒɛnəɹəl ɛdwɪn eɪ. wɔːkə, huː lɪvz ɪn daləs.
LJ036-0102|He testified that Oswald looked older than the other boys.|hiː tɛstɪfaɪd ðat ɒswəld lʊkt əʊldə ðɐn ðɪ ʌðə bɔɪz.
LJ033-0056|While the rifle may have already been disassembled when Oswald arrived home on Thursday, he had ample time that evening to disassemble the rifle|waɪl ðə ɹaɪfəl meɪhɐv ɔːlɹɛdi biːn dɪsɐsɛmbəld wɛn ɒswəld ɐɹaɪvd həʊm ɒn θɜːzdeɪ, hiː hɐd ampəl taɪm ðat iːvnɪŋ tə dɪsɐsɛmbəl ðə ɹaɪfəl
LJ017-0141|could not divest his mind of serious doubt, and of which the murderer got the benefit.|kʊd nɒt daɪvɛst hɪz maɪnd ɒv siəɹɪəs daʊt, and ɒvwɪtʃ ðə mɜːdəɹə ɡɒt ðə bɛnɪfɪt.
LJ014-0184|The noise of the struggle was heard outside in the street,|ðə nɔɪz ɒvðə stɹʌɡəl wɒz hɜːd aʊtsaɪd ɪnðə stɹiːt,
LJ025-0003|The facts dealing with the physiology of organisms, the activities associated with that which we call life|ðə fakts diːlɪŋ wɪððə fɪzɪɒlədʒi ɒv ɔːɡɐnɪzəmz, ðɪ aktɪvɪtiz ɐsəʊsɪeɪtɪd wɪð ðat wɪtʃ wiː kɔːl laɪf
LJ011-0054|A very curious and, in its way, amusing circumstance in connection with this case was the offer of a certain Italian,|ɐ vɛɹɪ kjʊɹɪəs and, ɪn ɪts weɪ, ɐmjuːsɪŋ sɜːkəmstans ɪn kənɛkʃən wɪð ðɪs keɪs wʌzðɪ ɒfəɹ əvə sɜːtən ɪtalɪən,
LJ050-0209|The assistant to the Director of the FBI testified that|ðɪ ɐsɪstənt tə ðə daɪɹɛktəɹ ɒvðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ tɛstɪfaɪd ðat
LJ016-0054|But he did not like the risk of entering a room by the fireplace, and the chances of detection it offered.|bʌt hiː dɪdnɒt laɪk ðə ɹɪsk ɒv ɛntəɹɪŋ ɐ ɹuːm baɪ ðə faɪəpleɪs, and ðə tʃansɪz ɒv dɪtɛkʃən ɪt ɒfəd.
LJ033-0079|sister of the man with whom Oswald drove to work -- Buell Wesley Frazier.|sɪstəɹ ɒvðə man wɪð huːm ɒswəld dɹəʊv tə wɜːk bjuːəl wɛslɪ fɹeɪzɪə.
LJ006-0115|Their original capital had been a few shillings, and for this they purchased the right to tax their fellows to the extent of pounds per week.|ðeəɹ əɹɪdʒɪnəl kapɪtəl hɐdbɪn ɐ fjuː ʃɪlɪŋz, and fɔː ðɪs ðeɪ pɜːtʃɪsd ðə ɹaɪt tə taks ðeə fɛləʊz tə ðɪ ɛkstɛnt ɒv paʊndz pɜː wiːk.
LJ023-0069|with national power, intended as they said, to form a more perfect union|wɪð naʃənəl paʊə, ɪntɛndɪd az ðeɪ sɛd, tə fɔːm ɐ mɔː pɜːfɛkt juːniən
LJ002-0023|On the female side matters were much worse,|ɒnðə fiːmeɪl saɪd matəz wɜː mʌtʃ wɜːs,
LJ031-0090|A thorough inspection would have involved washing and cleansing the back, and this is not practical in treating an acutely injured patient.|ɐ θʌɹəɹ ɪnspɛkʃən wʊdhɐv ɪnvɒlvd wɒʃɪŋ and klɛnzɪŋ ðə bak, and ðɪs ɪz nɒt pɹaktɪkəl ɪn tɹiːtɪŋ ɐn ɐkjuːtli ɪndʒəd peɪʃənt.
LJ006-0251|but the presence and authority of the governor himself became indispensable.|bʌt ðə pɹɛzəns and ɐθɒɹɪti ɒvðə ɡʌvənə hɪmsɛlf bɪkeɪm ɪndɪspɛnsəbəl.
LJ005-0297|They therefore recommended that the prisoners should be removed|ðeɪ ðeəfɔː ɹɛkəmɛndɪd ðatðə pɹɪzənəz ʃʊd biː ɹɪmuːvd
LJ045-0162|He tried to start a conversation with me several times, but I would not answer. And he said that he didnt want me to be angry at him because this upsets him.|hiː tɹaɪd tə stɑːt ɐ kɒnvəseɪʃən wɪð miː sɛvɹəl taɪmz, bʌt aɪ wʊd nɒt ansə. and hiː sɛd ðat hiː dɪdnt wɒnt miː təbi aŋɡɹi at hɪm bɪkʌz ðɪs ʌpsɛts hɪm.
LJ049-0100|The Commission recommends to the Congress that it adopt legislation which would,|ðə kəmɪʃən ɹɛkəmɛndz tə ðə kɒŋɡɹɛs ðɐtɪt ɐdɒpt lɛdʒɪsleɪʃən wɪtʃ wʊd,
LJ046-0136|Before the assassination of President Kennedy,|bɪfɔː ðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən ɒv pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi,
LJ015-0161|There was something dramatic in Redpaths detection|ðeəwɒz sʌmθɪŋ dɹəmatɪk ɪn ɹɛdpaθs dɪtɛkʃən
LJ036-0183|After a friend had called and told her, President Kennedy has been shot, she turned on the television.|aftəɹ ɐ fɹɛnd hɐd kɔːld and təʊld hɜː, pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi hɐzbɪn ʃɒt, ʃiː tɜːnd ɒnðə tɛlɪvɪʒən.
LJ012-0074|Whether Ikey was assigned to his own family is not recorded, but no doubt he succeeded to his own property when the term of servitude had expired.|wɛðəɹ aɪki wɒz ɐsaɪnd tə hɪz əʊn famɪli ɪz nɒt ɹɪkɔːdɪd, bʌt nəʊ daʊt hiː səksiːdɪd tə hɪz əʊn pɹɒpəti wɛn ðə tɜːm ɒv sɜːvɪtjuːd hɐd ɛkspaɪəd.
LJ030-0243|but I had no time to speculate as to its origin because Agent Youngblood turned in a flash, immediately after the first explosion,|bʌt aɪ hɐd nəʊ taɪm tə spɛkjʊleɪt az tʊ ɪts ɒɹɪdʒɪn bɪkʌz eɪdʒənt jʌŋblʌd tɜːnd ɪn ɐ flaʃ, ɪmiːdɪətli aftə ðə fɜːst ɛkspləʊʒən,
LJ039-0026|she stated that she might have been confused about shutting him in the bathroom, but that, quote, there is no doubt that he got dressed and got a gun, end quote,|ʃiː steɪtɪd ðat ʃiː maɪthɐv biːn kənfjuːzd ɐbaʊt ʃʌtɪŋ hɪm ɪnðə baθɹuːm, bʌt ðat, kwəʊt, ðeəɹ ɪz nəʊ daʊt ðat hiː ɡɒt dɹɛst and ɡɒt ɐ ɡʌn, ɛnd kwəʊt,
LJ036-0161|Oswald was wearing such a bracelet when he was arrested.|ɒswəld wɒz weəɹɪŋ sʌtʃ ɐ bɹeɪslət wɛn hiː wɒz ɐɹɛstɪd.
LJ050-0022|A formal and thorough description of the responsibilities of the advance agent is now in preparation by the Service.|ɐ fɔːməl and θʌɹə dɪskɹɪpʃən ɒvðə ɹɪspɒnsəbɪlɪtiz ɒvðɪ ɐdvans eɪdʒənt ɪz naʊ ɪn pɹɛpəɹeɪʃən baɪ ðə sɜːvɪs.
LJ029-0085|Kenneth ODonnell made the final decision to hold the luncheon at the Trade Mart, Behn so notified Lawson on November fourteen.|kɛnəθ əʊ dɒnəl meɪd ðə faɪnəl dɪsɪʒən tə həʊld ðə lʌntʃən at ðə tɹeɪd mɑːt, beɪn səʊ nəʊtɪfaɪd lɔːsən ɒn nəʊvɛmbə fɔːtiːn.
LJ027-0156|According to the evolutionary interpretation of such facts, we can see a very good reason why the life-history of the individual|ɐkɔːdɪŋ tə ðɪ ɪvəluːʃənəɹi ɪntɜːpɹɪteɪʃən ɒv sʌtʃ fakts, wiː kan siː ɐ vɛɹɪ ɡʊd ɹiːzən waɪ ðə laɪfhɪstəɹi ɒvðɪ ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəl
LJ018-0123|a man named Burnett came with his wife and took up his residence at Whitchurch, Hampshire, at no great distance from Laverstock,|ɐ man neɪmd bɜːnɪt keɪm wɪð hɪz waɪf and tʊk ʌp hɪz ɹɛzɪdəns at wɪtʃɜːtʃ, hampʃə, at nəʊ ɡɹeɪt dɪstəns fɹɒm lavəstɒk,
LJ010-0221|Another letter directed Oxford to attend an extraordinary meeting of Young England|ɐnʌðə lɛtə daɪɹɛktɪd ɒksfəd tʊ ɐtɛnd ɐn ɛkstɹɔːdɪnəɹi miːtɪŋ ɒv jʌŋ ɪŋɡlənd
LJ035-0053|The man turned and walked back toward Baker.|ðə man tɜːnd and wɔːkt bak tʊwɔːd beɪkə.
LJ039-0102|After familiarization with live ammunition in the twenty-two rifle and the twenty-two pistol,|aftə fəmɪliəɹaɪzeɪʃən wɪð laɪv amjuːnɪʃən ɪnðə twɛntituː ɹaɪfəl and ðə twɛntituː pɪstəl,
LJ013-0175|Upstairs in the bedroom a rouleaux box for sovereigns had been broken open,|ʌpsteəz ɪnðə bɛdɹuːm ɐ ɹuːləʊ bɒks fɔː sɒvəɹɪnz hɐdbɪn bɹəʊkən əʊpən,
LJ020-0003|But it keeps fresh longer, is softer and more nutritious, and a second-rate brand of flour thus treated produces a better loaf|bʌt ɪt kiːps fɹɛʃ lɒŋɡə, ɪz sɒftə and mɔː njuːtɹɪʃəs, and ɐ sɛkəndɹeɪt bɹand ɒv flaʊə ðʌs tɹiːtɪd pɹədjuːsɪz ɐ bɛtə ləʊf
LJ043-0049|After she had bought some clothes for Marina Oswald and a highchair for the baby, Oswald emphatically told her to stop.|aftə ʃiː hɐd bɔːt sʌm kləʊðz fɔː məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld and ɐ haɪtʃeə fəðə beɪbi, ɒswəld ɛmfatɪkli təʊld hɜː tə stɒp.
LJ005-0217|Without enlargement no material change in discipline or interior economy could possibly be introduced.|wɪðaʊt ɛnlɑːdʒmənt nəʊ mətiəɹɪəl tʃeɪndʒ ɪn dɪsɪplɪn ɔːɹ ɪntiəɹɪəɹ ɪkɒnəmi kʊd pɒsəbli biː ɪntɹədjuːst.
LJ026-0057|They must first undergo certain preparatory chemical changes known collectively as digestion|ðeɪ mʌst fɜːst ʌndəɡəʊ sɜːtən pɹɪpaɹətəɹi kɛmɪkəl tʃeɪndʒɪz nəʊn kəlɛktɪvli az daɪdʒɛstʃən
LJ043-0098|it began to appear that Oswald was having considerable difficulty doing accurate work and in getting along with the other employees.|ɪt bɪɡan tʊ ɐpiə ðat ɒswəld wɒz havɪŋ kənsɪdəɹəbəl dɪfɪkʌlti duːɪŋ akjʊɹət wɜːk and ɪn ɡɛtɪŋ ɐlɒŋ wɪððɪ ʌðəɹ ɛmplɔɪiːz.
LJ037-0194|Ten dollars in cash was enclosed.|tɛn dɒləz ɪn kaʃ wɒz ɛnkləʊzd.
LJ044-0158|As for my return entrance visa please consider it separately. End quote.|az fɔː maɪ ɹɪtɜːn ɛntɹəns viːzə pliːz kənsɪdəɹ ɪt sɛpɹətli. ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ033-0023|Frazier, surprised, asked him why he was going to Irving on Thursday night rather than Friday.|fɹeɪzɪə, səpɹaɪzd, askt hɪm waɪ hiː wɒz ɡəʊɪŋ tʊ ɜːvɪŋ ɒn θɜːzdeɪ naɪt ɹɑːðə ðɐn fɹaɪdeɪ.
LJ013-0189|next, and in the same place, a chased gold key,|nɛkst, and ɪnðə seɪm pleɪs, ɐ tʃeɪst ɡəʊld kiː,
LJ024-0063|President Wilson, three, President Harding, four, including a Chief Justice, President Coolidge, one,|pɹɛzɪdənt wɪlsən, θɹiː, pɹɛzɪdənt hɑːdɪŋ, fɔː, ɪnkluːdɪŋ ɐ tʃiːf dʒʌstɪs, pɹɛzɪdənt kuːlɪdʒ, wɒn,
LJ028-0326|and on his suing for a command, they entrusted to him a body of troops with the help of which he proceeded to do as he had arranged with Darius.|and ɒn hɪz suːɪŋ fəɹə kəmand, ðeɪ ɛntɹʌstɪd tə hɪm ɐ bɒdi ɒv tɹuːps wɪððə hɛlp ɒvwɪtʃ hiː pɹəsiːdɪd tə duː az hiː hɐd ɐɹeɪndʒd wɪð deəɹɪəs.
LJ027-0137|It is an observable fact, says Romanes,|ɪt ɪz ɐn ɒbzɜːvəbəl fakt, sɛz ɹəʊmeɪnz,
LJ024-0006|a new member shall be appointed by the President then in office,|ɐ njuː mɛmbə ʃal biː ɐpɔɪntɪd baɪ ðə pɹɛzɪdənt ðɛn ɪn ɒfɪs,
LJ006-0275|to have access to the female side on Sundays and Wednesdays, in order to visit their supposed relations there.|tə hav aksɛs tə ðə fiːmeɪl saɪd ɒn sʌndeɪz and wɛnzdeɪz, ɪn ɔːdə tə vɪzɪt ðeə sʌpəʊzd ɹɪleɪʃənz ðeə.
LJ006-0035|took voluminous evidence from all classes of individuals, from the governor down to the convict in the condemned cells.|tʊk vəluːmɪnəs ɛvɪdəns fɹɒm ɔːl klasɪz ɒv ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəlz, fɹʌmðə ɡʌvənə daʊn tə ðə kɒnvɪkt ɪnðə kəndɛmd sɛlz.
LJ033-0080|Mrs Randle stated that on the morning of November twenty-two, while her brother was eating breakfast,|mɪsɪz ɹandəl steɪtɪd ðat ɒnðə mɔːnɪŋ ɒv nəʊvɛmbə twɛntituː, waɪl hɜː bɹʌðə wɒz iːtɪŋ bɹɛkfəst,
LJ024-0137|and unwilling to assert legislative powers by writing into it their own political and economic policies.|and ʌnwɪlɪŋ tʊ ɐsɜːt lɛdʒɪslətɪv paʊəz baɪ ɹaɪtɪŋ ɪntʊ ɪt ðeəɹ əʊn pəlɪtɪkəl and iːkənɒmɪk pɒlɪsɪz.
LJ027-0117|Now, here again the former theory appears to be triumphant over the latter, says Romanes,|naʊ, hiəɹ ɐɡɛn ðə fɔːmə θiəɹi ɐpiəz təbi tɹaɪʌmfənt əʊvə ðə latə, sɛz ɹəʊmeɪnz,
LJ016-0137|that numbers of men, lifers, and others with ten, fourteen, or twenty years to do, can be trusted to work out of doors without bolts and bars|ðat nʌmbəz ɒv mɛn, laɪfəz, and ʌðəz wɪð tɛn, fɔːtiːn, ɔː twɛnti jiəz tə duː, kan biː tɹʌstɪd tə wɜːk aʊtəv dɔːz wɪðaʊt bəʊlts and bɑːz
LJ020-0055|visiting every corner of the pan, but not leaving thick layers and streaks of grease after it.|vɪzɪtɪŋ ɛvɹɪ kɔːnəɹ ɒvðə pan, bʌt nɒt liːvɪŋ θɪk leɪəz and stɹiːks ɒv ɡɹiːs aftəɹ ɪt.
LJ019-0270|Vegetables, especially the potato, that most valuable anti-scorbutic, was too often omitted.|vɛdʒɪtəbəlz, ɪspɛʃəli ðə pəteɪtəʊ, ðat məʊst valjuːəbəl antiskɔːbjuːtɪk, wɒz tuː ɒfən əʊmɪtɪd.
LJ041-0026|from which Oswald appeared to suffer.|fɹʌm wɪtʃ ɒswəld ɐpiəd tə sʌfə.
LJ028-0516|the strongest, the thickest, the loftiest, the most intricate, perhaps the most beautiful that ever protected a city,|ðə stɹɒŋɡəst, ðə θɪkəst, ðə lɒftɪəst, ðə məʊst ɪntɹɪkət, pəhaps ðə məʊst bjuːtɪfəl ðat ɛvə pɹətɛktɪd ɐ sɪti,
LJ004-0212|There was an attentive chaplain, a schoolmaster, and regular religious and other instruction.|ðeəwɒz ɐn ɐtɛntɪv tʃaplɪn, ɐ skuːlmastə, and ɹɛɡjuːlə ɹɪlɪdʒəs and ʌðəɹ ɪnstɹʌkʃən.
LJ012-0127|The gold-dust robbery of eighteen thirty-nine, the first of its kind, was cleverly and carefully planned with the assistance of a dishonest employee.|ðə ɡəʊlddʌst ɹɒbəɹi ɒv eɪtiːn θɜːtinaɪn, ðə fɜːst ɒv ɪts kaɪnd, wɒz klɛvəli and keəfəlɪ pland wɪððɪ ɐsɪstəns əvə dɪsɒnɪst ɛmplɔɪiː.
LJ046-0076|He cannot and will not take the precautions of a dictator or a sovereign.|hiː kanɒt and wɪl nɒt teɪk ðə pɹɪkɔːʃənz əvə dɪkteɪtə ɔːɹ ɐ sɒvəɹɪn.
LJ020-0027|Half the quantity of sponge given in preceding receipt.|hɑːf ðə kwɒntɪti ɒv spʌndʒ ɡɪvən ɪn pɹɪsiːdɪŋ ɹɪsiːt.
LJ015-0083|This ingenious method of raising funds he adopted and carried on without detection,|ðɪs ɪndʒiːnɪəs mɛθəd ɒv ɹeɪzɪŋ fʌndz hiː ɐdɒptɪd and kaɹɪd ɒn wɪðaʊt dɪtɛkʃən,
LJ019-0339|while decency and good order were to be insured by the strict prohibition of gambling and drunkenness.|waɪl diːsənsi and ɡʊd ɔːdə wɜː təbi ɪnʃʊəd baɪ ðə stɹɪkt pɹəhɪbɪʃən ɒv ɡamblɪŋ and dɹʌŋkənnəs.
LJ013-0046|but he would not take their advice, and developing his transactions, ended as we have seen.|bʌt hiː wʊd nɒt teɪk ðeəɹ ɐdvaɪs, and dɪvɛləpɪŋ hɪz tɹansakʃənz, ɛndɪd az wiː hav siːn.
LJ013-0171|moreover, the instruments, poker and chisel, by which they had no doubt been effected,|mɔːɹəʊvə, ðɪ ɪnstɹəmənts, pəʊkəɹ and tʃɪzəl, baɪ wɪtʃ ðeɪ hɐd nəʊ daʊt biːn ɪfɛktɪd,
LJ035-0079|The first test, run at normal walking pace, required one minute, eighteen seconds,|ðə fɜːst tɛst, ɹʌn at nɔːməl wɔːkɪŋ peɪs, ɹɪkwaɪəd wɒn mɪnɪt, eɪtiːn sɛkəndz,
LJ003-0237|The fees on reception and discharge must be deemed exorbitant, when it is remembered the impoverished class who usually crowded the jail,|ðə fiːz ɒn ɹɪsɛpʃən and dɪstʃɑːdʒ mʌst biː diːmd ɛɡzɔːbɪtənt, wɛn ɪt ɪz ɹɪmɛmbəd ðɪ ɪmpɒvəɹɪʃt klas huː juːʒuːəli kɹaʊdɪd ðə dʒeɪl,
LJ003-0108|Spirits were freely introduced, and although he at first abstained,|spɪɹɪts wɜː fɹiːli ɪntɹədjuːst, and ɒlðəʊ hiː at fɜːst ɐbsteɪnd,
LJ007-0072|as regards the private teaching of prisoners, and they went on to say that a resolved adherence, in spite of discouragements the most disheartening,|az ɹɪɡɑːdz ðə pɹaɪvət tiːtʃɪŋ ɒv pɹɪzənəz, and ðeɪ wɛnt ɒn tə seɪ ðatə ɹɪzɒlvd ɐdhiəɹəns, ɪn spaɪt ɒv dɪskʌɹɪdʒmənts ðə məʊst dɪshɑːtənɪŋ,
LJ049-0142|by defining responsibilities clearly and overseeing their execution.|baɪ dɪfaɪnɪŋ ɹɪspɒnsəbɪlɪtiz kliəli and əʊvəsiːɪŋ ðeəɹ ɛksɪkjuːʃən.
LJ046-0105|Second, the adequacy of other advance preparations for the security of the President, during his visit to Dallas,|sɛkənd, ðɪ adɪkwəsi ɒv ʌðəɹ ɐdvans pɹɛpəɹeɪʃənz fəðə sɪkjʊəɹɪti ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdənt, djʊəɹɪŋ hɪz vɪzɪt tə daləs,
LJ010-0139|After the five bodies had hung for half-an-hour, a man in a mask came forward to complete the sentence.|aftə ðə faɪv bɒdɪz hɐd hʌŋ fɔː hɑːfɐnaʊə, ɐ man ɪn ɐ mask keɪm fɔːwəd tə kəmpliːt ðə sɛntəns.
LJ015-0174|Thither police officers followed, only to find that he had returned to London.|ðɪðə pəliːs ɒfɪsəz fɒləʊd, əʊnli tə faɪnd ðat hiː hɐd ɹɪtɜːnd tə lʌndən.
LJ016-0113|but only to be taken soon afterwards for a fresh offense, and again pass through Newgate with sentences of penal servitude.|bʌt əʊnli təbi teɪkən suːn aftəwədz fəɹə fɹɛʃ əfɛns, and ɐɡɛn pas θɹuː njuːɡeɪt wɪð sɛntənsɪz ɒv piːnəl sɜːvɪtjuːd.
LJ045-0096|Mrs De Mohrenschildt thought that Oswald,|mɪsɪz də məʊɹɪnstʃaɪlt θɔːt ðat ɒswəld,
LJ050-0020|in which the Commission believes that the Secret Service has operated with insufficient planning or control.|ɪn wɪtʃ ðə kəmɪʃən bɪliːvz ðatðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs hɐz ɒpəɹeɪtɪd wɪð ɪnsəfɪʃənt planɪŋ ɔː kəntɹəʊl.
LJ036-0184|When Oswald came in she said, quote, Oh, you are in a hurry, end quote, but Oswald did not respond.|wɛn ɒswəld keɪm ɪn ʃiː sɛd, kwəʊt, əʊ, juː ɑːɹ ɪn ɐ hʌɹi, ɛnd kwəʊt, bʌt ɒswəld dɪdnɒt ɹɪspɒnd.
LJ043-0107|Upon moving to New Orleans on April twenty-four, nineteen sixty-three,|əpɒn muːvɪŋ tə njuː ɔːliənz ɒn eɪpɹəl twɛntifɔː, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː,
LJ010-0294|frauds indicating great boldness, extensive design, and ingenuity became more prevalent.|fɹɔːdz ɪndɪkeɪtɪŋ ɡɹeɪt bəʊldnəs, ɛkstɛnsɪv dɪzaɪn, and ɪndʒɪnjuːɪti bɪkeɪm mɔː pɹɛvələnt.
LJ003-0032|So valuable were they deemed, that as much as fifty guineas was offered to the keeper for the post.|səʊ valjuːəbəl wɜː ðeɪ diːmd, ðat az mʌtʃ az fɪfti ɡɪniz wɒz ɒfəd tə ðə kiːpə fəðə pəʊst.
LJ035-0162|approximately thirty to forty-five seconds after Oswalds lunchroom encounter with Baker and Truly.|ɐpɹɒksɪmətli θɜːti tə fɔːtifaɪv sɛkəndz aftəɹ ɒswəldz lʌntʃ ɹuːm ɛnkaʊntə wɪð beɪkə and tɹuːli.
LJ003-0148|and spent in providing coals, candles, plates, knives, and forks, while all the occupants of this part of the prison|and spɛnt ɪn pɹəvaɪdɪŋ kəʊlz, kandəlz, pleɪts, naɪvz, and fɔːks, waɪl ɔːl ðɪ ɒkjʊpənts ɒv ðɪs pɑːt ɒvðə pɹɪzən
LJ027-0088|Extensive comparison, on the contrary, shows them to be the same, although the essential identity is obscured by adaptive modifications.|ɛkstɛnsɪv kəmpaɹɪsən, ɒnðə kɒntɹəɹɪ, ʃəʊz ðɛm təbi ðə seɪm, ɒlðəʊ ðɪ ɪsɛnʃəl aɪdɛntɪti ɪz ɒbskjʊəd baɪ ɐdaptɪv mɒdɪfɪkeɪʃənz.
LJ025-0062|under particular circumstances, the contents of the cells of certain water-weeds were set free and moved about with considerable velocity|ʌndə pətɪkjʊlə sɜːkəmstansɪz, ðə kɒntɛnts ɒvðə sɛlz ɒv sɜːtən wɔːtəwiːdz wɜː sɛt fɹiː and muːvd ɐbaʊt wɪð kənsɪdəɹəbəl vəlɒsɪti
LJ035-0116|Three employees -- James Jarman, Jr,|θɹiː ɛmplɔɪiːz dʒeɪmz dʒɑːmən, dʒeɪɑː,
LJ018-0053|he whispered in the ear of the German pastor who attended him on the scaffold,|hiː wɪspəd ɪnðɪ iəɹ ɒvðə dʒɜːmən pastə huː ɐtɛndɪd hɪm ɒnðə skafəʊld,
LJ044-0150|and that it would be better to have less and not have to be concerned about tomorrow.|and ðɐtɪt wʊd biː bɛtə tə hav lɛs and nɒthavtə biː kənsɜːnd ɐbaʊt təmɒɹəʊ.
LJ001-0124|One of the differences between the fine type and the utilitarian must probably be put down to a misapprehension of a commercial necessity,|wɒn ɒvðə dɪfɹənsɪz bɪtwiːn ðə faɪn taɪp and ðə juːtɪlɪteəɹiən mʌst pɹɒbəbli biː pʊt daʊn tʊ ɐ mɪsapɹɪhɛnʃən əvə kəmɜːʃəl nəsɛsɪti,
LJ001-0128|it is not a real gain, for the modern printer throws the gain away by putting inordinately wide spaces between his lines, which, probably,|ɪt ɪz nɒtə ɹiəl ɡeɪn, fəðə mɒdən pɹɪntə θɹəʊz ðə ɡeɪn ɐweɪ baɪ pʊtɪŋ ɪnɔːdɪnətli waɪd speɪsɪz bɪtwiːn hɪz laɪnz, wɪtʃ, pɹɒbəbli,
LJ038-0044|except that they did not hear Oswald say, quote, Its all over now, end quote.|ɛksɛpt ðat ðeɪ dɪdnɒt hiəɹ ɒswəld seɪ, kwəʊt, ɪts ɔːl əʊvə naʊ, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ016-0388|A few go further, and are almost gluttonous.|ɐ fjuː ɡəʊ fɜːðə, and ɑːɹ ɔːlməʊst ɡlʌtənəs.
LJ017-0026|Yet it was clearly proved that the dumplings contained arsenic, that she, and she alone, had made the dough,|jɛt ɪt wɒz kliəli pɹuːvd ðatðə dʌmplɪŋz kənteɪnd ɑːsnɪk, ðat ʃiː, and ʃiː ɐləʊn, hɐd meɪd ðə dəʊ,
LJ025-0114|founded the modern science of histology or that branch of anatomy which deals with the ultimate visible structure of organisms as revealed by the microscope,|faʊndɪd ðə mɒdən saɪəns ɒv hɪstɒlədʒi ɔː ðat bɹantʃ ɒv ɐnatəmɪ wɪtʃ diːlz wɪððɪ ʌltɪmət vɪzəbəl stɹʌktʃəɹ ɒv ɔːɡɐnɪzəmz az ɹɪviːld baɪ ðə maɪkɹəskəʊp,
LJ028-0469|The inner wall of Babylon was called Imgur-Bel, and like the outer wall, it was double.|ðɪ ɪnə wɔːl ɒv babɪlən wɒz kɔːld ɪmɡɜːbɛl, and laɪk ðɪ aʊtə wɔːl, ɪt wɒz dʌbəl.
LJ028-0282|for it seemed to him that there was a divine providence in the man having used the phrase, and then his mule having foaled.|fɔːɹ ɪt siːmd tə hɪm ðat ðeəwɒz ɐ dɪvaɪn pɹɒvɪdəns ɪnðə man havɪŋ juːzd ðə fɹeɪz, and ðɛn hɪz mjuːl havɪŋ fəʊld.
LJ030-0082|The agents on the front of the running boards had directions to move immediately to positions just to the rear of the President and Mrs Kennedy when the Presidents car slowed|ðɪ eɪdʒənts ɒnðə fɹʌnt ɒvðə ɹʌnɪŋ bɔːdz hɐd daɪɹɛkʃənz tə muːv ɪmiːdɪətli tə pəzɪʃənz dʒʌst tə ðə ɹiəɹ ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdənt and mɪsɪz kɛnədi wɛn ðə pɹɛzɪdənts kɑː sləʊd
LJ046-0145|The Secret Service responded, quote,|ðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs ɹɪspɒndɪd, kwəʊt,
LJ043-0046|After about a month with his brother,|aftəɹ ɐbaʊt ɐ mʌnθ wɪð hɪz bɹʌðə,
LJ005-0030|In prisons, which are really meant to keep the multitude in order, and to be a terror to evil-doers, there must be no sharings of profits,|ɪn pɹɪzənz, wɪtʃ ɑː ɹiəlɪ mɛnt tə kiːp ðə mʌltɪtjuːd ɪn ɔːdə, and təbi ɐ tɛɹə tʊ iːvəlduːəz, ðeə mʌst biː nəʊ ʃeəɹɪŋz ɒv pɹɒfɪts,
LJ025-0028|before it can be converted into substances fitted for absorption,|bɪfɔːɹ ɪt kan biː kənvɜːtɪd ɪntʊ sʌbstənsɪz fɪtɪd fɔːɹ ɐbsɔːpʃən,
LJ034-0001|Report of the Presidents Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.|ɹɪpɔːt ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdənts kəmɪʃən ɒnðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən ɒv pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi.
LJ046-0195|The cases subject to periodic review and the one hundred or so cases in the higher risk category|ðə keɪsɪz sʌbdʒɛkt tə piəɹɪɒdɪk ɹɪvjuː and ðə wɒn hʌndɹəd ɔː səʊ keɪsɪz ɪnðə haɪə ɹɪsk katɪɡəɹi
LJ019-0304|twenty-two others received between eleven and twenty-five,|twɛntituː ʌðəz ɹɪsiːvd bɪtwiːn ɪlɛvən and twɛntifaɪv,
LJ032-0223|and that Oswalds face had not been superimposed on another body.|and ðat ɒswəldz feɪs hɐd nɒt biːn suːpəɹɪmpəʊzd ɒn ɐnʌðə bɒdi.
LJ031-0076|This was verified by Admiral Burkley, the Presidents physician, who arrived at the hospital after emergency treatment was underway and concluded that, quote,|ðɪs wɒz vɛɹɪfaɪd baɪ admɜːɹəl bɜːklɪ, ðə pɹɛzɪdənts fɪzɪʃən, huː ɐɹaɪvd at ðə hɒspɪtəl aftəɹ ɪmɜːdʒənsi tɹiːtmənt wɒz ʌndəweɪ and kənkluːdɪd ðat, kwəʊt,
LJ012-0130|brought in a man-of-war from Brazil had been transhipped at Falmouth for conveyance to London.|bɹɔːt ɪn ɐ manɒvwɔː fɹɒm bɹɐzɪl hɐdbɪn tɹanʃɪpt at falməθ fɔː kənveɪəns tə lʌndən.
LJ016-0057|As his coat was an encumbrance, he left it on the top of the third house in Newgate Street, and thus in shirt-sleeves, barefoot and bareheaded,|az hɪz kəʊt wɒz ɐn ɛnkʌmbɹəns, hiː lɛft ɪt ɒnðə tɒp ɒvðə θɜːd haʊs ɪn njuːɡeɪt stɹiːt, and ðʌs ɪn ʃɜːtsliːvz, beəfʊt and beəhɛdɪd,
LJ045-0210|Now it appeared that he was not welcome at the Paine home,|naʊ ɪt ɐpiəd ðat hiː wɒz nɒt wɛlkʌm at ðə peɪn həʊm,
LJ004-0142|where a lad lay ill with fever, three other prisoners, at first perfectly healthy, were lodged. Of course they were seized with the fever,|weəɹ ɐ lad leɪ ɪl wɪð fiːvə, θɹiː ʌðə pɹɪzənəz, at fɜːst pɜːfɛktlɪ hɛlθi, wɜː lɒdʒd. ɒv kɔːs ðeɪ wɜː siːzd wɪððə fiːvə,
LJ003-0210|at night they were placed in the fifteen cells, two, three, or more together, according to the total number to be accommodated.|at naɪt ðeɪ wɜː pleɪst ɪnðə fɪftiːn sɛlz, tuː, θɹiː, ɔː mɔː təɡɛðə, ɐkɔːdɪŋ tə ðə təʊtəl nʌmbə təbi ɐkɒmədeɪtɪd.
LJ028-0235|In this distress either someone made this suggestion to him, or he bethought himself of a plan which he proceeded to put in execution.|ɪn ðɪs dɪstɹɛs aɪðə sʌmwɒn meɪd ðɪs sədʒɛstʃən tə hɪm, ɔː hiː bɛθɔːt hɪmsɛlf əvə plan wɪtʃ hiː pɹəsiːdɪd tə pʊt ɪn ɛksɪkjuːʃən.
LJ048-0268|Therefore, the use of intoxicating liquor of any kind, including beer and wine, by members of the White House Detail|ðeəfɔː, ðə juːs ɒv ɪntɒksɪkeɪtɪŋ lɪkəɹ ɒv ɛni kaɪnd, ɪnkluːdɪŋ biə and waɪn, baɪ mɛmbəz ɒvðə waɪt haʊs diːteɪl
LJ043-0103|In any event, Oswald was discharged on April six, nineteen sixty-three, ostensibly because of his inefficiency and difficult personality.|ɪn ɛni ɪvɛnt, ɒswəld wɒz dɪstʃɑːdʒd ɒn eɪpɹəl sɪks, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː, ɒstɛnsəbli bɪkʌz ɒv hɪz ɪnɪfɪʃənsi and dɪfɪkəlt pɜːsənalɪti.
LJ050-0207|Although Chief Rowley does not complain about the pay scale for Secret Service agents,|ɒlðəʊ tʃiːf ɹəʊlɪ dʌznɒt kəmpleɪn ɐbaʊt ðə peɪ skeɪl fɔː siːkɹət sɜːvɪs eɪdʒənts,
LJ048-0045|his pro-Castro tendencies, his lies when interrogated by the FBI,|hɪz pɹəʊkastɹəʊ tɛndənsiz, hɪz laɪz wɛn ɪntɛɹəɡeɪtɪd baɪ ðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ,
LJ005-0200|Most of these small jails were still in existence and in much the same state eight years later,|məʊst əv ðiːz smɔːl dʒeɪlz wɜː stɪl ɪn ɛɡzɪstəns and ɪn mʌtʃ ðə seɪm steɪt eɪt jiəz leɪtə,
LJ007-0243|It was not till the erection of the new prison at Holloway in eighteen fifty, and the entire internal reconstruction of Newgate according to new ideas,|ɪt wɒz nɒt tɪl ðɪ ɪɹɛkʃən ɒvðə njuː pɹɪzən at hɒləweɪ ɪn eɪtiːn fɪfti, and ðɪ ɛntaɪəɹ ɪntɜːnəl ɹiːkənstɹʌkʃən ɒv njuːɡeɪt ɐkɔːdɪŋ tə njuː aɪdiəz,
LJ031-0111|The elliptical wound in the Governors back, located slightly to the left of the Governors right armpit approximately five-eighths inch a centimeter and a half|ðɪ ɪlɪptɪkəl wuːnd ɪnðə ɡʌvənəz bak, ləʊkeɪtɪd slaɪtli tə ðə lɛft ɒvðə ɡʌvənəz ɹaɪt ɑːmpɪt ɐpɹɒksɪmətli faɪveɪtθs ɪntʃ ɐ sɛntɪmiːtə and ɐ hɑːf
LJ039-0189|The others would have been able to reduce their times if they had been given the opportunity to become familiar with the movement of the bolt and the trigger pull.|ðɪ ʌðəz wʊdhɐv biːn eɪbəl tə ɹɪdjuːs ðeə taɪmz ɪf ðeɪ hɐdbɪn ɡɪvən ðɪ ɒpətjuːnɪti tə bɪkʌm fəmɪliə wɪððə muːvmənt ɒvðə bəʊlt and ðə tɹɪɡə pʊl.
LJ019-0342|So was the employment of prisoners in any position of trust or authority,|səʊ wʌzðɪ ɛmplɔɪmənt ɒv pɹɪzənəz ɪn ɛni pəzɪʃən ɒv tɹʌst ɔːɹ ɐθɒɹɪti,
LJ025-0127|I know of no test by which the reaction of the leaves of the Sundew and of other plants to stimuli, so fully and carefully studied by Mr Darwin,|aɪ nəʊ ɒv nəʊ tɛst baɪ wɪtʃ ðə ɹɪakʃən ɒvðə liːvz ɒvðə sʌndjuː and ɒv ʌðə plants tə stɪmjʊlaɪ, səʊ fʊli and keəfəlɪ stʌdɪd baɪ mɪstə dɑːwɪn,
LJ022-0148|to enforce minimum wages, to prevent excessive hours,|tʊ ɛnfɔːs mɪnɪməm weɪdʒɪz, tə pɹɪvɛnt ɛksɛsɪv aʊəz,
LJ040-0063|Significant in shaping the character of Lee Harvey Oswald was the death of his father, a collector of insurance premiums.|sɪɡnɪfɪkənt ɪn ʃeɪpɪŋ ðə kaɹɪktəɹ ɒv liː hɑːvi ɒswəld wʌzðə dɛθ ɒv hɪz fɑːðə, ɐ kəlɛktəɹ ɒv ɪnʃʊəɹəns pɹiːmiəmz.
LJ032-0199|the Oswalds lived on Neely Street in Dallas in a rented house which had a small back yard.|ðɪ ɒswəldz lɪvd ɒn niːli stɹiːt ɪn daləs ɪn ɐ ɹɛntɪd haʊs wɪtʃ hɐd ɐ smɔːl bak jɑːd.
LJ045-0082|it appears that Marina Oswald also complained that her husband was not able to provide more material things for her.|ɪt ɐpiəz ðat məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld ɒlsəʊ kəmpleɪnd ðat hɜː hʌsbənd wɒz nɒt eɪbəl tə pɹəvaɪd mɔː mətiəɹɪəl θɪŋz fɔː hɜː.
LJ026-0059|For this purpose the food is taken not into the body proper, but into a kind of tubular chemical laboratory, called the alimentary canal,|fɔː ðɪs pɜːpəs ðə fuːd ɪz teɪkən nɒt ɪntʊ ðə bɒdi pɹɒpə, bʌt ɪntʊ ɐ kaɪnd ɒv tjuːbjʊlə kɛmɪkəl lɐbɒɹətɹɪ, kɔːld ðɪ ɐlaɪmɛntəɹi kənal,
LJ030-0009|Late in the afternoon he flew to Houston where he rode through the city in a motorcade,|leɪt ɪnðɪ aftənuːn hiː fluː tə hjuːstən weə hiː ɹəʊd θɹuː ðə sɪti ɪn ɐ məʊtəkeɪd,
LJ032-0267|examined the blanket and discovered a bulge approximately ten inches long midway in the blanket.|ɛɡzamɪnd ðə blaŋkɪt and dɪskʌvəd ɐ bʌldʒ ɐpɹɒksɪmətli tɛn ɪntʃɪz lɒŋ mɪdweɪ ɪnðə blaŋkɪt.
LJ019-0268|In some places the dietary was too full, in others too meager. Its constituents were not of the most suitable character.|ɪn sʌm pleɪsɪz ðə daɪətəɹi wɒz tuː fʊl, ɪn ʌðəz tuː miːɡə. ɪts kənstɪtjuːənts wɜː nɒt ɒvðə məʊst suːtəbəl kaɹɪktə.
LJ009-0152|The crowd outside Newgate on the day of execution has already been described, but there was also a select gathering of distinguished visitors within the jail.|ðə kɹaʊd aʊtsaɪd njuːɡeɪt ɒnðə deɪ ɒv ɛksɪkjuːʃən hɐz ɔːlɹɛdi biːn dɪskɹaɪbd, bʌt ðeəwɒz ɒlsəʊ ɐ sɪlɛkt ɡaðəɹɪŋ ɒv dɪstɪŋɡwɪʃt vɪzɪtəz wɪðɪn ðə dʒeɪl.
LJ044-0089|Stuckey testified that uncovering Oswalds defection was very important, quote,|stʌkɪ tɛstɪfaɪd ðat ʌnkʌvəɹɪŋ ɒswəldz dɪfɛkʃən wɒz vɛɹɪ ɪmpɔːtənt, kwəʊt,
LJ008-0006|as the exposure was brutal and cruel towards the principal actors.|az ðɪ ɛkspəʊʒə wɒz bɹuːtəl and kɹuːəl tʊwɔːdz ðə pɹɪnsɪpəl aktəz.
LJ033-0176|taken from the Texas School Book Depository shipping room on November twenty-two, nineteen sixty-three.|teɪkən fɹʌmðə tɛksəs skuːl bʊk dɪpɒsɪtəɹi ʃɪpɪŋ ɹuːm ɒn nəʊvɛmbə twɛntituː, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː.
LJ006-0122|and by these payments a wardsman had been known to amass as much as forty pounds.|and baɪ ðiːz peɪmənts ɐ wɔːdzmən hɐdbɪn nəʊn tʊ ɐmas az mʌtʃ az fɔːti paʊndz.
LJ032-0229|This information enabled the Commission to conclude|ðɪs ɪnfəmeɪʃən ɛneɪbəld ðə kəmɪʃən tə kənkluːd
LJ017-0060|The conviction that he would escape had taken so firm a hold of him,|ðə kənvɪkʃən ðat hiː wʊd ɛskeɪp hɐd teɪkən səʊ fɜːm ɐ həʊld ɒv hɪm,
LJ032-0188|provides some evidence that they were placed on the rifle that day|pɹəvaɪdz sʌm ɛvɪdəns ðat ðeɪ wɜː pleɪst ɒnðə ɹaɪfəl ðat deɪ
LJ006-0207|One of these, published by Stockdale, the inspectors styled a book of the most disgusting nature.|wɒn ɒv ðiːz, pʌblɪʃt baɪ stɒkdeɪl, ðɪ ɪnspɛktəz staɪld ɐ bʊk ɒvðə məʊst dɪsɡʌstɪŋ neɪtʃə.
LJ018-0070|Sattler was ironed for safe custody,|satlə wɒz aɪənd fɔː seɪf kʌstədi,
LJ006-0030|the great architectural experiment which grew out of the strong representations of Jeremy Bentham and others, and was the first national recognition of the principle|ðə ɡɹeɪt ɑːkɪtɛktʃəɹəl ɛkspɛɹɪmənt wɪtʃ ɡɹuː aʊtəv ðə stɹɒŋ ɹɛpɹɪzɛnteɪʃənz ɒv dʒɛɹəmi bɛnθəm and ʌðəz, and wʌzðə fɜːst naʃənəl ɹɛkəɡnɪʃən ɒvðə pɹɪnsɪpəl
LJ011-0226|which was based on his jail experiences, and of which I have availed myself in the last chapter.|wɪtʃ wɒz beɪst ɒn hɪz dʒeɪl ɛkspiəɹɪənsɪz, and ɒvwɪtʃ aɪ hav ɐveɪld maɪsɛlf ɪnðə last tʃaptə.
LJ035-0203|and also handled a paper bag which was found near the cartons.|and ɒlsəʊ handəld ɐ peɪpə baɡ wɪtʃ wɒz faʊnd niə ðə kɑːtənz.
LJ019-0283|Beds might well be made hard and their use strictly limited.|bɛdz maɪt wɛl biː meɪd hɑːd and ðeə juːs stɹɪktli lɪmɪtɪd.
LJ034-0101|Brennan saw the man fire the last shot and disappear from the window.|bɹɛnən sɔː ðə man faɪə ðə last ʃɒt and dɪsɐpiə fɹʌmðə wɪndəʊ.
LJ016-0306|and the question, as part of the whole subject of capital punishment, had been referred to a royal commission in January eighteen sixty-four.|and ðə kwɛstʃən, az pɑːt ɒvðə həʊl sʌbdʒɛkt ɒv kapɪtəl pʌnɪʃmənt, hɐdbɪn ɹɪfɜːd tʊ ɐ ɹɔɪəl kəmɪʃən ɪn dʒanjuːəɹi eɪtiːn sɪkstifɔː.
LJ017-0100|Next night Cook had a second and a more violent attack.|nɛkst naɪt kʊk hɐd ɐ sɛkənd and ɐ mɔː vaɪələnt ɐtak.
LJ036-0022|the transfer was conclusively identified as having been issued by Cecil J. McWatters, a busdriver for the Dallas Transit Co|ðə tɹansfɜː wɒz kənkluːsɪvli aɪdɛntɪfaɪd az havɪŋ biːn ɪʃuːd baɪ sɛsəl dʒeɪ. mək watəz, ɐ bʌsdɹaɪvə fəðə daləs tɹansɪt kəʊ
LJ047-0050|Oswald again agreed to advise the FBI if he were approached under suspicious circumstances, however, he deprecated the possibility of this happening,|ɒswəld ɐɡɛn ɐɡɹiːd tʊ ɐdvaɪz ðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ ɪf hiː wɜːɹ ɐpɹəʊtʃt ʌndə səspɪʃəs sɜːkəmstansɪz, haʊɛvə, hiː dɛpɹɪkeɪtɪd ðə pɒsəbɪlɪti ɒv ðɪs hapənɪŋ,
LJ048-0220|Conduct of Secret Service agents in Fort Worth on November twenty-two.|kɒndʌkt ɒv siːkɹət sɜːvɪs eɪdʒənts ɪn fɔːt wɜːθ ɒn nəʊvɛmbə twɛntituː.
LJ008-0036|The following twenty-third April, it is stated that the malefactors ordered for execution on the eighteenth instead|ðə fɒləʊɪŋ twɛntiθɜːd eɪpɹəl, ɪt ɪz steɪtɪd ðatðə meɪlfaktəz ɔːdəd fɔːɹ ɛksɪkjuːʃən ɒnðɪ eɪtiːnθ ɪnstɛd
LJ009-0066|The morning hymn is sung first, as if to remind the condemned that next morning at eight a m they are to die.|ðə mɔːnɪŋ hɪm ɪz sʌŋ fɜːst, az ɪf tə ɹɪmaɪnd ðə kəndɛmd ðat nɛkst mɔːnɪŋ at eɪt ɐ ɛm ðeɪ ɑː tə daɪ.
LJ016-0430|When vanity is strongly developed there is the keen anxiety to hear what is being said about them outside.|wɛn vanɪti ɪz stɹɒŋli dɪvɛləpt ðeəɹ ɪz ðə kiːn aŋzaɪəti tə hiə wɒt ɪz biːɪŋ sɛd ɐbaʊt ðɛm aʊtsaɪd.
LJ008-0223|The approaching ceremony had evidently no terrors for these idolaters of the gallows.|ðɪ ɐpɹəʊtʃɪŋ sɛɹɪmənɪ hɐd ɛvɪdəntli nəʊ tɛɹəz fɔː ðiːz aɪdəleɪtəz ɒvðə ɡaləʊz.
LJ045-0221|It is unlikely that the motivation was that simple.|ɪt ɪz ʌnlaɪkli ðatðə məʊtɪveɪʃən wɒz ðat sɪmpəl.
LJ001-0062|Even in Italy most of the theological and law books were printed in Gothic letter,|iːvən ɪn ɪtəli məʊst əv ðə θiːəlɒdʒɪkəl and lɔː bʊks wɜː pɹɪntɪd ɪn ɡɒθɪk lɛtə,
LJ017-0106|fearful paroxysms and cramps, ending in suffocation by the tetanic rigor which caught the muscles of the chest.|fiəfəl paɹəksɪzəmz and kɹamps, ɛndɪŋ ɪn sʌfəkeɪʃən baɪ ðə tɛtanɪk ɹɪɡə wɪtʃ kɔːt ðə mʌsəlz ɒvðə tʃɛst.
LJ006-0279|Wards-women were allowed much the same authority, with the same temptations to excess, and intoxication was not unknown among them and others.|wɔːdzwɪmɪn wɜːɹ ɐlaʊd mʌtʃ ðə seɪm ɐθɒɹɪti, wɪððə seɪm tɛmpteɪʃənz tʊ ɛksɛs, and ɪntɒksɪkeɪʃən wɒz nɒt ʌnnəʊn ɐmʌŋ ðɛm and ʌðəz.
LJ007-0172|where is to be found in operation every expedient by which Ignorance may be superseded by Knowledge, Idleness by Industry, and Suffering by Benevolence,|weəɹ ɪz təbi faʊnd ɪn ɒpəɹeɪʃən ɛvɹɪ ɛkspiːdiənt baɪ wɪtʃ ɪɡnəɹəns meɪ biː suːpəsiːdɪd baɪ nɒlɪdʒ, aɪdəlnəs baɪ ɪndʌstɹɪ, and sʌfəɹɪŋ baɪ bənɛvələns,
LJ021-0197|of referring without rhyme or reason to the Constitution as a means of preventing its accomplishment, thus creating the general impression|ɒv ɹɪfɜːɹɪŋ wɪðaʊt ɹaɪm ɔː ɹiːzən tə ðə kɒnstɪtjuːʃən az ɐ miːnz ɒv pɹɪvɛntɪŋ ɪts ɐkɒmplɪʃmənt, ðʌs kɹiːeɪtɪŋ ðə dʒɛnəɹəl ɪmpɹɛʃən
LJ022-0046|It is true that while business and industry are definitely better our relief rolls are still too large.|ɪt ɪz tɹuː ðat waɪl bɪznəs and ɪndʌstɹɪ ɑː dɛfɪnətli bɛtəɹ aʊə ɹɪliːf ɹəʊlz ɑː stɪl tuː lɑːdʒ.
LJ002-0291|I come now to the debtors in Newgate. The quarters they occupied were divided, as I have said, into three principal divisions|aɪ kʌm naʊ tə ðə dɛtəz ɪn njuːɡeɪt. ðə kwɔːtəz ðeɪ ɒkjʊpaɪd wɜː dɪvaɪdɪd, az aɪ hav sɛd, ɪntʊ θɹiː pɹɪnsɪpəl dɪvɪʒənz
LJ006-0117|that none of its inmates were suffered to make tea or coffee for themselves lest it should interfere with his sales.|ðat nʌn ɒv ɪts ɪnmeɪts wɜː sʌfəd tə meɪk tiː ɔː kɒfɪ fɔː ðɛmsɛlvz lɛst ɪt ʃʊd ɪntəfiə wɪð hɪz seɪlz.
LJ040-0218|and as will be shown below, this failure to adapt to his environment was a dominant trait in his later life.|and az wɪl biː ʃəʊn bɪləʊ, ðɪs feɪliə tʊ ɐdapt tə hɪz ɛnvaɪɹənmənt wʌzɐ dɒmɪnənt tɹeɪt ɪn hɪz leɪtə laɪf.
LJ006-0075|He saw certain rooms fill up, and yet took no steps to open others that were locked up and empty.|hiː sɔː sɜːtən ɹuːmz fɪl ʌp, and jɛt tʊk nəʊ stɛps tʊ əʊpən ʌðəz ðat wɜː lɒkt ʌp and ɛmpti.
LJ031-0230|After the autopsy was concluded at approximately eleven p m, the Presidents body was prepared for burial.|aftə ðɪ ɔːtɒpsi wɒz kənkluːdɪd at ɐpɹɒksɪmətli ɪlɛvən piː ɛm, ðə pɹɛzɪdənts bɒdi wɒz pɹɪpeəd fɔː bɛɹɪəl.
LJ017-0185|She was in good health on leaving home, and had with her a large sum of money.|ʃiː wɒz ɪn ɡʊd hɛlθ ɒn liːvɪŋ həʊm, and hɐd wɪð hɜːɹ ɐ lɑːdʒ sʌm ɒv mʌnɪ.
LJ024-0058|or make independent on upon the desire or prejudice of any individual justice?|ɔː meɪk ɪndɪpɛndənt ɒn əpɒn ðə dɪzaɪə ɔː pɹɛdʒuːdɪs ɒv ɛni ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəl dʒʌstɪs?
LJ002-0165|Bird was, however, discharged within three days by a subscription raised among his fellow-prisoners.|bɜːd wɒz, haʊɛvə, dɪstʃɑːdʒd wɪðɪn θɹiː deɪz baɪ ɐ sʌbskɹɪpʃən ɹeɪzd ɐmʌŋ hɪz fɛləʊpɹɪzənəz.
LJ030-0040|The order of vehicles in the Dallas motorcade was as follows,|ðɪ ɔːdəɹ ɒv viəkəlz ɪnðə daləs məʊtəkeɪd wɒz az fɒləʊz,
LJ007-0109|OMally sent in a medical certificate, declaring that the imprisonment was endangering his life, and after some question he was also released.|əʊ mali sɛnt ɪn ɐ mɛdɪkəl sətɪfɪkət, dɪkleəɹɪŋ ðatðɪ ɪmpɹɪzənmənt wɒz ɛndeɪndʒəɹɪŋ hɪz laɪf, and aftə sʌm kwɛstʃən hiː wɒz ɒlsəʊ ɹɪliːsd.
LJ026-0125|But the formation of starch, all important as it is, is after all only the manufacture of food|bʌt ðə fɔːmeɪʃən ɒv stɑːtʃ, ɔːl ɪmpɔːtənt azɪtɪz, ɪz aftəɹ ɔːl əʊnli ðə manjuːfaktʃəɹ ɒv fuːd
LJ028-0513|Should you cross the river to search for the western inner wall, you would find but a small fragment of it.|ʃʊd juː kɹɒs ðə ɹɪvə tə sɜːtʃ fəðə wɛstən ɪnə wɔːl, juː wʊd faɪnd bʌt ɐ smɔːl fɹaɡmənt ɒv ɪt.
LJ011-0051|the great magnitude of our erring brothers offense, one of the most dangerous description in a trading community.|ðə ɡɹeɪt maɡnɪtjuːd ɒv aʊəɹ ɜːɹɪŋ bɹʌðəz əfɛns, wɒn ɒvðə məʊst deɪndʒəɹəs dɪskɹɪpʃən ɪn ɐ tɹeɪdɪŋ kəmjuːnɪti.
LJ048-0063|The formal FBI instructions to its agents outlining the information to be referred to the Secret Service were too narrow at the time of the assassination.|ðə fɔːməl ɛfbiːaɪ ɪnstɹʌkʃənz tʊ ɪts eɪdʒənts aʊtlaɪnɪŋ ðɪ ɪnfəmeɪʃən təbi ɹɪfɜːd tə ðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs wɜː tuː naɹəʊ at ðə taɪm ɒvðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən.
LJ001-0161|There seems to be no reason why ordinary paper should not be better made,|ðeə siːmz təbi nəʊ ɹiːzən waɪ ɔːdɪnəɹi peɪpə ʃʊd nɒt biː bɛtə meɪd,
LJ006-0124|the prisoner official already mentioned, who held the fate of new arrivals as regards location in his hands.|ðə pɹɪzənəɹ əfɪʃəl ɔːlɹɛdi mɛnʃənd, huː hɛld ðə feɪt ɒv njuː ɐɹaɪvəlz az ɹɪɡɑːdz ləʊkeɪʃən ɪn hɪz handz.
LJ047-0241|that the FBI had known about Oswald and, in particular, of his presence in Dallas and his employment at the Texas School Book Depository Building.|ðatðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ hɐd nəʊn ɐbaʊt ɒswəld and, ɪn pətɪkjʊlə, ɒv hɪz pɹɛzəns ɪn daləs and hɪz ɛmplɔɪmənt at ðə tɛksəs skuːl bʊk dɪpɒsɪtəɹi bɪldɪŋ.
LJ032-0271|two Oswalds palmprint was on the rifle in a position which shows that he had handled it while it was disassembled,|tuː ɒswəldz pɑːmpɹɪnt wɒz ɒnðə ɹaɪfəl ɪn ɐ pəzɪʃən wɪtʃ ʃəʊz ðat hiː hɐd handəld ɪt waɪl ɪt wɒz dɪsɐsɛmbəld,
LJ050-0227|in case of unexpected need, and twenty-five additional agents are recommended to provide the Vice President full protection.|ɪn keɪs ɒv ʌnɛkspɛktɪd niːd, and twɛntifaɪv ɐdɪʃənəl eɪdʒənts ɑː ɹɛkəmɛndɪd tə pɹəvaɪd ðə vaɪs pɹɛzɪdənt fʊl pɹətɛkʃən.
LJ034-0198|Euins, who was on the southwest corner of Elm and Houston Streets testified that he could not describe the man he saw in the window.|juːɪnz, huː wɒz ɒnðə saʊθwɛst kɔːnəɹ ɒv ɛlm and hjuːstən stɹiːts tɛstɪfaɪd ðat hiː kʊd nɒt dɪskɹaɪb ðə man hiː sɔː ɪnðə wɪndəʊ.
LJ031-0159|to institute strict security measures for the Presidential aircraft, the airport terminal, and the surrounding area.|tʊ ɪnstɪtjuːt stɹɪkt sɪkjʊəɹɪti mɛʒəz fəðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl eəkɹaft, ðɪ eəpɔːt tɜːmɪnəl, and ðə səɹaʊndɪŋ eəɹiə.
LJ050-0151|it makes no use of the recent developments in automatic data processing which are widely used in the business world and in other Government offices.|ɪt meɪks nəʊ juːs ɒvðə ɹiːsənt dɪvɛləpmənts ɪn ɔːtəmatɪk deɪtə pɹəʊsɛsɪŋ wɪtʃ ɑː waɪdli juːzd ɪnðə bɪznəs wɜːld and ɪn ʌðə ɡʌvənmənt ɒfɪsɪz.
LJ047-0165|At the end of the interview, Marina Oswald came into the room. When he observed that she seemed, quote, quite alarmed, end quote, about the visit,|at ðɪ ɛnd ɒvðɪ ɪntəvjuː, məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld keɪm ɪntʊ ðə ɹuːm. wɛn hiː ɒbzɜːvd ðat ʃiː siːmd, kwəʊt, kwaɪt ɐlɑːmd, ɛnd kwəʊt, ɐbaʊt ðə vɪzɪt,
LJ040-0017|Since Oswald is dead,|sɪns ɒswəld ɪz dɛd,
LJ015-0202|The precious metal was sent from place to place carefully locked up and guarded, no doubt,|ðə pɹɛʃəs mɛtəl wɒz sɛnt fɹɒm pleɪs tə pleɪs keəfəlɪ lɒkt ʌp and ɡɑːdɪd, nəʊ daʊt,
LJ016-0209|Some wags in Scotland seized Calcraft and kept him in durance the night before the execution.|sʌm waɡz ɪn skɒtlənd siːzd kalkɹaft and kɛpt hɪm ɪn djʊəɹəns ðə naɪt bɪfɔː ðɪ ɛksɪkjuːʃən.
LJ019-0017|This building was a costly affair. The site was uneven, and had to be leveled,|ðɪs bɪldɪŋ wʌzɐ kɒstli ɐfeə. ðə saɪt wɒz ʌniːvən, and hadtə biː lɛvəld,
LJ005-0261|As a means of securing this uniformity,|az ɐ miːnz ɒv sɪkjʊəɹɪŋ ðɪs juːnɪfɔːmɪti,
LJ010-0174|About six p m the royal carriage, a low open vehicle drawn by four horses, ridden by postilions, left the palace.|ɐbaʊt sɪks piː ɛm ðə ɹɔɪəl kaɹɪdʒ, ɐ ləʊ əʊpən viəkəl dɹɔːn baɪ fɔː hɔːsɪz, ɹɪdən baɪ pəʊstɪliənz, lɛft ðə palɪs.
LJ003-0191|strange and inconceivable delay occurred in carrying out the extreme sentence.|stɹeɪndʒ and ɪnkənsiːvəbəl dɪleɪ əkɜːd ɪn kaɹɪɪŋ aʊt ðɪ ɛkstɹiːm sɛntəns.
LJ004-0030|the principle of classification was freshly enunciated, prison regulations were framed for general observance.|ðə pɹɪnsɪpəl ɒv klasɪfɪkeɪʃən wɒz fɹɛʃli ɪnʌnsɪeɪtɪd, pɹɪzən ɹɛɡjuːleɪʃənz wɜː fɹeɪmd fɔː dʒɛnəɹəl ɒbzɜːvəns.
LJ007-0094|had actually been returned as sane from the asylum to which they had been sent, and there was always some uncertainty as to who was mad and who not.|hɐd aktʃuːəli biːn ɹɪtɜːnd az seɪn fɹʌmðɪ ɐsaɪləm tʊ wɪtʃ ðeɪ hɐdbɪn sɛnt, and ðeəwɒz ɔːlweɪz sʌm ʌnsɜːtənti az tʊ huː wɒz mad and huː nɒt.
LJ028-0288|To do this seeming to him a light matter, he mutilated himself in a way that was utterly without remedy.|tə duː ðɪs siːmɪŋ tə hɪm ɐ laɪt matə, hiː mjuːtɪleɪtɪd hɪmsɛlf ɪn ɐ weɪ ðat wɒz ʌtəli wɪðaʊt ɹɛmədi.
LJ049-0166|Although the FBI is not charged with the physical protection of the President, it does have an assignment, as do other Government agencies,|ɒlðəʊ ðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ ɪz nɒt tʃɑːdʒd wɪððə fɪzɪkəl pɹətɛkʃən ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdənt, ɪt dʌz hav ɐn ɐsaɪnmənt, az duː ʌðə ɡʌvənmənt eɪdʒənsiz,
LJ019-0228|it also contained eleven reception cells, six punishment cells, and a couple of cells for condemned criminals.|ɪt ɒlsəʊ kənteɪnd ɪlɛvən ɹɪsɛpʃən sɛlz, sɪks pʌnɪʃmənt sɛlz, and ɐ kʌpəl ɒv sɛlz fɔː kəndɛmd kɹɪmɪnəlz.
LJ036-0112|Whaley said that Oswald was the man under Number two.|weɪli sɛd ðat ɒswəld wʌzðə man ʌndə nʌmbə tuː.
LJ030-0116|looking out toward the crowd, and Special Agent Kellerman assumed his position next to the car.|lʊkɪŋ aʊt tʊwɔːd ðə kɹaʊd, and spɛʃəl eɪdʒənt kɛləmən ɐsuːmd hɪz pəzɪʃən nɛkst tə ðə kɑː.
LJ018-0032|There was no mystery about his departure, he had gone to Canada, by the Victoria sailing ship, starting from the London docks, and bound to New York.|ðeəwɒz nəʊ mɪstəɹi ɐbaʊt hɪz dɪpɑːtʃə, hiː hɐd ɡɒn tə kanədə, baɪ ðə vɪktɔːɹiə seɪlɪŋ ʃɪp, stɑːtɪŋ fɹʌmðə lʌndən dɒks, and baʊnd tə njuː jɔːk.
LJ010-0052|which grew out of disturbed social conditions after the last French war, amidst general distress,|wɪtʃ ɡɹuː aʊtəv dɪstɜːbd səʊʃəl kəndɪʃənz aftə ðə last fɹɛntʃ wɔː, ɐmɪdst dʒɛnəɹəl dɪstɹɛs,
LJ048-0165|buildings along the route can be checked by teams of law enforcement officers, and armed guards are posted along the route as appropriate.|bɪldɪŋz ɐlɒŋ ðə ɹuːt kan biː tʃɛkt baɪ tiːmz ɒv lɔː ɛnfɔːsmənt ɒfɪsəz, and ɑːmd ɡɑːdz ɑː pəʊstɪd ɐlɒŋ ðə ɹuːt az ɐpɹəʊpɹɪət.
LJ036-0005|He arrived at approximately one p m and left a few minutes later.|hiː ɐɹaɪvd at ɐpɹɒksɪmətli wɒn piː ɛm and lɛft ɐ fjuː mɪnɪts leɪtə.
LJ003-0325|The feelings of the condemned prisoners should no longer be outraged by their exposure in the chapel, and the chapel should be rearranged,|ðə fiːlɪŋz ɒvðə kəndɛmd pɹɪzənəz ʃʊd nəʊ lɒŋɡə biː aʊtɹeɪdʒd baɪ ðeəɹ ɛkspəʊʒəɹ ɪnðə tʃapəl, and ðə tʃapəl ʃʊd biː ɹiːɐɹeɪndʒd,
LJ041-0084|fitted into a general personality pattern of his, to do whatever was not wanted of him, a recalcitrant trend in his personality, end quote,|fɪtɪd ɪntʊ ɐ dʒɛnəɹəl pɜːsənalɪti patən ɒv hɪz, tə duː wɒtɛvə wɒz nɒt wɒntɪd ɒv hɪm, ɐ ɹɪkalsɪtɹənt tɹɛnd ɪn hɪz pɜːsənalɪti, ɛnd kwəʊt,
LJ021-0037|In all of these efforts the government has come to the assistance of business|ɪn ɔːl ɒv ðiːz ɛfəts ðə ɡʌvənmənt hɐz kʌm tə ðɪ ɐsɪstəns ɒv bɪznəs
LJ040-0061|Various possible motives will be treated in the appropriate context of the discussion outlined above.|veəɹɪəs pɒsəbəl məʊtɪvz wɪl biː tɹiːtɪd ɪnðɪ ɐpɹəʊpɹɪət kɒntɛkst ɒvðə dɪskʌʃən aʊtlaɪnd əbʌv.
LJ006-0217|There were more varied, and at times, especially when beer had circulated freely, more uproarious diversions.|ðeəwɜː mɔː veəɹid, and at taɪmz, ɪspɛʃəli wɛn biə hɐd sɜːkjʊleɪtɪd fɹiːli, mɔːɹ ʌpɹɔːɹɪəs daɪvɜːʃənz.
LJ045-0226|The fact that he took so little money with him when he left Irving in the morning indicates that he did not expect to get very far from Dallas on his own|ðə fakt ðat hiː tʊk səʊ lɪtəl mʌnɪ wɪð hɪm wɛn hiː lɛft ɜːvɪŋ ɪnðə mɔːnɪŋ ɪndɪkeɪts ðat hiː dɪdnɒt ɛkspɛkt tə ɡɛt vɛɹɪ fɑː fɹɒm daləs ɒn hɪz əʊn
LJ050-0211|Chief Rowley testified that the present workload of each Secret Service agent averages one hundred ten point one cases.|tʃiːf ɹəʊlɪ tɛstɪfaɪd ðatðə pɹɛzənt wɜːkləʊd ɒv iːtʃ siːkɹət sɜːvɪs eɪdʒənt avɹɪdʒɪz wɒn hʌndɹəd tɛn pɔɪnt wɒn keɪsɪz.
LJ045-0179|He took with him thirteen dollars, eighty-seven cents and the long brown package that Frazier and Mrs Randle saw him carry|hiː tʊk wɪð hɪm θɜːtiːn dɒləz, eɪtisɛvən sɛnts and ðə lɒŋ bɹaʊn pakɪdʒ ðat fɹeɪzɪə and mɪsɪz ɹandəl sɔː hɪm kaɹi
LJ043-0070|Oswald obtained a job in July of nineteen sixty-two as a sheet metal worker with a company in Fort Worth.|ɒswəld ɒbteɪnd ɐ dʒɒb ɪn dʒuːlaɪ ɒv naɪntiːn sɪkstituː az ɐ ʃiːt mɛtəl wɜːkə wɪð ɐ kʌmpəni ɪn fɔːt wɜːθ.
LJ011-0269|An appointment was made and kept by Mr Gee,|ɐn ɐpɔɪntmənt wɒz meɪd and kɛpt baɪ mɪstə dʒiː,
LJ050-0187|Thus, the local chief of police could be given a master plan, prepared for the occasion, of all protective measures to be taken during the visit,|ðʌs, ðə ləʊkəl tʃiːf ɒv pəliːs kʊd biː ɡɪvən ɐ mastə plan, pɹɪpeəd fəðɪ əkeɪʒən, ɒv ɔːl pɹətɛktɪv mɛʒəz təbi teɪkən djʊəɹɪŋ ðə vɪzɪt,
LJ043-0082|and noted that Oswalds verbal and clerical potential was, quote, outstanding, end quote.|and nəʊtɪd ðat ɒswəldz vɜːbəl and klɛɹɪkəl pətɛnʃəl wɒz, kwəʊt, aʊtstandɪŋ, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ012-0135|The police were at once employed, and after infinite pains they discovered the person, one Moss, who had acted as the messenger.|ðə pəliːs wɜːɹ ɐtwɒns ɛmplɔɪd, and aftəɹ ɪnfɪnət peɪnz ðeɪ dɪskʌvəd ðə pɜːsən, wɒn mɒs, huː hɐd aktɪd az ðə mɛsɪndʒə.
LJ003-0301|It recommended day cells or rooms for regular labor, which should be compulsory upon all transports and prisoners sentenced to hard labor,|ɪt ɹɛkəmɛndɪd deɪ sɛlz ɔː ɹuːmz fɔː ɹɛɡjuːlə leɪbə, wɪtʃ ʃʊd biː kəmpʌlsəɹi əpɒn ɔːl tɹanspɔːts and pɹɪzənəz sɛntənst tə hɑːd leɪbə,
LJ048-0055|a more alert and carefully considered treatment of the Oswald case by the Bureau might have brought about such a referral.|ɐ mɔːɹ ɐlɜːt and keəfəlɪ kənsɪdəd tɹiːtmənt ɒvðɪ ɒswəld keɪs baɪ ðə bjʊəɹəʊ maɪthɐv bɹɔːt ɐbaʊt sʌtʃ ɐ ɹɪfɜːɹəl.
LJ048-0183|Admittedly, protective measures cannot ordinarily be taken with regard to all buildings along a motorcade route.|ɐdmɪtɪdlɪ, pɹətɛktɪv mɛʒəz kanɒt ɔːdɪnɛɹəlɪ biː teɪkən wɪð ɹɪɡɑːd tʊ ɔːl bɪldɪŋz ɐlɒŋ ɐ məʊtəkeɪd ɹuːt.
LJ006-0065|were associated together, of every variety of age, habit, and delinquency, without employment, oversight, or control.|wɜːɹ ɐsəʊsɪeɪtɪd təɡɛðə, ɒv ɛvɹɪ vəɹaɪəti ɒv eɪdʒ, habɪt, and dɪlɪnkwənsi, wɪðaʊt ɛmplɔɪmənt, əʊvəsaɪt, ɔː kəntɹəʊl.
LJ012-0115|was refused, at the instigation of the police. A few days later a frequent guest at the tavern arrived, and had this same room allotted to him.|wɒz ɹɪfjuːzd, at ðɪ ɪnstɪɡeɪʃən ɒvðə pəliːs. ɐ fjuː deɪz leɪtəɹ ɐ fɹiːkwənt ɡɛst at ðə tavən ɐɹaɪvd, and hɐd ðɪs seɪm ɹuːm ɐlɒtɪd tə hɪm.
LJ042-0022|he wrote to his brother Robert that the Soviet Union was a country which, quote, I have always considered to be my own, end quote,|hiː ɹəʊt tə hɪz bɹʌðə ɹɒbət ðatðə səʊviət juːniən wʌzɐ kʌntɹi wɪtʃ, kwəʊt, aɪ hav ɔːlweɪz kənsɪdəd təbi maɪ əʊn, ɛnd kwəʊt,
LJ046-0198|at the request of Special Agent Lawson, advance agent for President Kennedys trip to Dallas.|at ðə ɹɪkwɛst ɒv spɛʃəl eɪdʒənt lɔːsən, ɐdvans eɪdʒənt fɔː pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədɪz tɹɪp tə daləs.
LJ047-0085|The FBI had not asked to be informed of any effort by Oswald to obtain a passport,|ðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ hɐd nɒt askt təbi ɪnfɔːmd ɒv ɛni ɛfət baɪ ɒswəld tʊ ɒbteɪn ɐ paspɔːt,
LJ027-0008|The great variety of life as exhibited in the countless species of plants and animals has been referred to, and yet, great as this variety is,|ðə ɡɹeɪt vəɹaɪəti ɒv laɪf az ɛɡzɪbɪtɪd ɪnðə kaʊntləs spiːsiːz ɒv plants and anɪməlz hɐzbɪn ɹɪfɜːd tuː, and jɛt, ɡɹeɪt az ðɪs vəɹaɪəti ɪz,
LJ023-0012|But when, almost two years later, it came before the Supreme Court its constitutionality was upheld only by a five-to-four vote.|bʌt wɛn, ɔːlməʊst tuː jiəz leɪtə, ɪt keɪm bɪfɔː ðə suːpɹiːm kɔːt ɪts kɒnstɪtjuːʃənalɪti wɒz ʌphɛld əʊnli baɪ ɐ faɪvtəfɔː vəʊt.
LJ033-0105|One employee, Jack Dougherty,|wɒn ɛmplɔɪiː, dʒak dəʊəti,
LJ003-0244|At the commencement of every sessions, such of the untried as had purchased easement of irons were called up and re-fettered,|at ðə kəmɛnsmənt ɒv ɛvɹɪ sɛʃənz, sʌtʃ ɒvðɪ ʌntɹaɪd az hɐd pɜːtʃɪsd iːzmənt ɒv aɪənz wɜː kɔːld ʌp and ɹiːfɛtəd,
LJ050-0114|and the respective responsibilities for any further investigation that may be required.|and ðə ɹɪspɛktɪv ɹɪspɒnsəbɪlɪtiz fɔːɹ ɛni fɜːðəɹ ɪnvɛstɪɡeɪʃən ðat meɪ biː ɹɪkwaɪəd.
LJ044-0151|As a result of that conversation, Marina Oswald wrote the Soviet Embassy in Washington concerning a request she had first made|az ɐ ɹɪzʌlt ɒv ðat kɒnvəseɪʃən, məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld ɹəʊt ðə səʊviət ɛmbəsi ɪn wɒʃɪŋtən kənsɜːnɪŋ ɐ ɹɪkwɛst ʃiː hɐd fɜːst meɪd
LJ014-0165|and presented by no heathen land under the sun.|and pɹɪzɛntɪd baɪ nəʊ hiːðən land ʌndə ðə sʌn.
LJ045-0068|The difficulties which Oswalds problems would have caused him in any relationship were probably not reduced by his wifes conduct.|ðə dɪfɪkʌltɪz wɪtʃ ɒswəldz pɹɒbləmz wʊdhɐv kɔːzd hɪm ɪn ɛni ɹɪleɪʃənʃɪp wɜː pɹɒbəbli nɒt ɹɪdjuːst baɪ hɪz waɪfs kɒndʌkt.
LJ005-0014|Speaking on a debate on prison matters, he declared that|spiːkɪŋ ɒn ɐ dɪbeɪt ɒn pɹɪzən matəz, hiː dɪkleəd ðat
LJ001-0185|printed books might once again illustrate to the full|pɹɪntɪd bʊks maɪt wɒns ɐɡɛn ɪləstɹeɪt tə ðə fʊl
LJ002-0194|and a heavy fee at the rate of eight pounds per one hundred pounds, with four pounds for every additional hundred.|and ɐ hɛvi fiː at ðə ɹeɪt ɒv eɪt paʊndz pɜː wɒn hʌndɹəd paʊndz, wɪð fɔː paʊndz fɔːɹ ɛvɹɪ ɐdɪʃənəl hʌndɹəd.
LJ028-0316|Then the doorkeepers, when they heard this, carried him at once before the Magistrates.|ðɛn ðə dɔːkiːpəz, wɛn ðeɪ hɜːd ðɪs, kaɹɪd hɪm ɐtwɒns bɪfɔː ðə madʒɪstɹeɪts.
LJ009-0280|Again the wretched creature succeeded in obtaining foothold, but this time on the left side of the drop.|ɐɡɛn ðə ɹɛtʃɪd kɹiːtʃə səksiːdɪd ɪn ɒbteɪnɪŋ fʊthəʊld, bʌt ðɪs taɪm ɒnðə lɛft saɪd ɒvðə dɹɒp.
LJ036-0211|passed the intersection of tenth and Patton, about eight blocks from where he had reported at twelve,fifty-four p m|past ðɪ ɪntəsɛkʃən ɒv tɛnθ and patən, ɐbaʊt eɪt blɒks fɹʌm weə hiː hɐd ɹɪpɔːtɪd at twɛlv,fɪftifɔː piː ɛm
LJ030-0174|Unable to see the President as he turned to the right,|ʌneɪbəl tə siː ðə pɹɛzɪdənt az hiː tɜːnd tə ðə ɹaɪt,
LJ031-0213|Under Pathological Diagnosis the cause of death was set forth as Gunshot wound, head.|ʌndə paθəlɒdʒɪkəl daɪəɡnəʊsɪs ðə kɔːz ɒv dɛθ wɒz sɛt fɔːθ az ɡʌnʃɒt wuːnd, hɛd.
LJ049-0018|which was neither bulletproof nor bullet resistant.|wɪtʃ wɒz naɪðə bʊlɪtpɹuːf nɔː bʊlɪt ɹɪsɪstənt.
LJ003-0323|Drunkenness, if it ever occurred, should be visited with severe punishment,|dɹʌŋkənnəs, ɪf ɪt ɛvəɹ əkɜːd, ʃʊd biː vɪzɪtɪd wɪð sɪviə pʌnɪʃmənt,
LJ003-0057|A further sub-classification was attempted by separating at night those charged with misdemeanors from those charged with felony,|ɐ fɜːðə sʌbklasɪfɪkeɪʃən wɒz ɐtɛmptɪd baɪ sɛpəɹeɪtɪŋ at naɪt ðəʊz tʃɑːdʒd wɪð mɪsdɪmiːnəz fɹɒm ðəʊz tʃɑːdʒd wɪð fɛlənɪ,
LJ042-0108|Although Marina Oswald told the Commission that her husband had good personal relationships in the Soviet Union, Katherine Ford,|ɒlðəʊ məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld təʊld ðə kəmɪʃən ðat hɜː hʌsbənd hɐd ɡʊd pɜːsənəl ɹɪleɪʃənʃɪps ɪnðə səʊviət juːniən, kaθɹɪn fɔːd,
LJ044-0148|very unhappy, and that he actually wept when he told her that.|vɛɹɪ ʌnhapi, and ðat hiː aktʃuːəli wɛpt wɛn hiː təʊld hɜː ðat.
LJ021-0173|They would have you believe that England has made progress out of her depression by a do-nothing policy, by letting nature take her course.|ðeɪ wʊdhɐv juː bɪliːv ðat ɪŋɡlənd hɐz meɪd pɹəʊɡɹɛs aʊtəv hɜː dɪpɹɛʃən baɪ ɐ duːnʌθɪŋ pɒlɪsi, baɪ lɛtɪŋ neɪtʃə teɪk hɜː kɔːs.
LJ002-0077|from twenty-one by eighteen feet to fifteen feet square, which were furnished with bedsteads and bedding.|fɹɒm twɛntiwɒn baɪ eɪtiːn fiːt tə fɪftiːn fiːt skweə, wɪtʃ wɜː fɜːnɪʃt wɪð bɛdstɛdz and bɛdɪŋ.
LJ016-0129|Down below were market-carts waiting for daylight, and among them Krapps found a refuge and friends.|daʊn bɪləʊ wɜː mɑːkɪtkɑːts weɪtɪŋ fɔː deɪlaɪt, and ɐmʌŋ ðɛm kɹaps faʊnd ɐ ɹɛfjuːdʒ and fɹɛndz.
LJ014-0166|faded in my mind before the atrocious bearing, looks, and language of the assembled spectators.|feɪdɪd ɪn maɪ maɪnd bɪfɔː ðɪ ɐtɹəʊʃəs beəɹɪŋ, lʊks, and laŋɡwɪdʒ ɒvðɪ ɐsɛmbəld spɛkteɪtəz.
LJ037-0085|She was not sure whether she had seen his picture in a newspaper on the afternoon or evening of November twenty-two prior to the lineup.|ʃiː wɒz nɒt ʃʊə wɛðə ʃiː hɐd siːn hɪz pɪktʃəɹ ɪn ɐ njuːzpeɪpəɹ ɒnðɪ aftənuːn ɔːɹ iːvnɪŋ ɒv nəʊvɛmbə twɛntituː pɹaɪə tə ðə laɪnʌp.
LJ002-0239|also for prisoners committed by the Admiralty Court.|ɒlsəʊ fɔː pɹɪzənəz kəmɪtɪd baɪ ðɪ adməɹəlti kɔːt.
LJ002-0321|others who arrived just after the time of distribution were often forty-eight hours without food. The latter might also be six days without meat.|ʌðəz huː ɐɹaɪvd dʒʌst aftə ðə taɪm ɒv dɪstɹɪbjuːʃən wɜːɹ ɒfən fɔːtieɪt aʊəz wɪðaʊt fuːd. ðə latə maɪt ɒlsəʊ biː sɪks deɪz wɪðaʊt miːt.
LJ031-0191|Nine minutes later, the Presidential airplane departed for Washington, D.C.|naɪn mɪnɪts leɪtə, ðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl eəpleɪn dɪpɑːtɪd fɔː wɒʃɪŋtən, diː.siː.
LJ027-0090|modified more and more through successive generations by the necessities of different modes of life.|mɒdɪfaɪd mɔː and mɔː θɹuː səksɛsɪv dʒɛnəɹeɪʃənz baɪ ðə nəsɛsɪtɪz ɒv dɪfɹənt məʊdz ɒv laɪf.
LJ026-0020|If chlorophyll is present, the carbon dioxide of the air serves as a source of carbon,|ɪf klɔːɹəʊfɪl ɪz pɹɛzənt, ðə kɑːbən daɪɒksaɪd ɒvðɪ eə sɜːvz az ɐ sɔːs ɒv kɑːbən,
LJ036-0167|and walked directly to the terminal, he would have entered the cab at twelve,forty-seven or twelve,forty-eight p m|and wɔːkt daɪɹɛktli tə ðə tɜːmɪnəl, hiː wʊdhɐv ɛntəd ðə kab at twɛlv,fɔːtisɛvən ɔː twɛlv,fɔːtieɪt piː ɛm
LJ015-0035|produced immediate embarrassment and financial distress.|pɹədjuːst ɪmiːdɪət ɛmbaɹəsmənt and faɪnanʃəl dɪstɹɛs.
LJ019-0218|The prison was to contain four hundred and four prisoners, and the estimated expenditure was seventy-nine thousand pounds.|ðə pɹɪzən wɒz tə kənteɪn fɔː hʌndɹəd and fɔː pɹɪzənəz, and ðɪ ɛstɪmeɪtɪd ɛkspɛndɪtʃə wɒz sɛvəntinaɪn θaʊzənd paʊndz.
LJ048-0131|There is, for example, no Secret Service arrangement for evaluating before a trip particular difficulties that might be anticipated,|ðeəɹɪz, fɔːɹ ɛɡzampəl, nəʊ siːkɹət sɜːvɪs ɐɹeɪndʒmənt fɔːɹ ɪvaljuːeɪtɪŋ bɪfɔːɹ ɐ tɹɪp pətɪkjʊlə dɪfɪkʌltɪz ðat maɪt biː antɪsɪpeɪtɪd,
LJ018-0046|Müller protested after sentence of death had been passed upon him that he had been convicted on a false statement of facts.|muːlə pɹətɛstɪd aftə sɛntəns ɒv dɛθ hɐdbɪn past əpɒn hɪm ðat hiː hɐdbɪn kənvɪktɪd ɒn ɐ fɒls steɪtmənt ɒv fakts.
LJ024-0121|Even if an amendment were passed, and even if in the years to come it were to be ratified,|iːvən ɪf ɐn ɐmɛndmənt wɜː past, and iːvən ɪf ɪnðə jiəz tə kʌm ɪt wɜː təbi ɹatɪfaɪd,
LJ020-0091|Yet our bread and rolls must be looked after at the proper time.|jɛt aʊə bɹɛd and ɹəʊlz mʌst biː lʊkt aftəɹ at ðə pɹɒpə taɪm.
LJ042-0240|he continued to be interested in that country after he returned to the United States.|hiː kəntɪnjuːd təbi ɪntɹəstɪd ɪn ðat kʌntɹi aftə hiː ɹɪtɜːnd tə ðə juːnaɪtɪd steɪts.
LJ038-0154|Shelley denied seeing Oswald after twelve noon or at any time after the shooting.|ʃɛlɪ dɪnaɪd siːɪŋ ɒswəld aftə twɛlv nuːn ɔːɹ at ɛni taɪm aftə ðə ʃuːtɪŋ.
LJ028-0448|All of the ancient writers agree in saying that Babylon was surrounded with both inner and outer walls, and the ruins confirm their statements.|ɔːl ɒvðɪ eɪnʃənt ɹaɪtəz ɐɡɹiː ɪn seɪɪŋ ðat babɪlən wɒz səɹaʊndɪd wɪð bəʊθ ɪnə and aʊtə wɔːlz, and ðə ɹuːɪnz kənfɜːm ðeə steɪtmənts.
LJ010-0002|In chapter two of the present volume I brought down the record of crime to the second decade of the present century.|ɪn tʃaptə tuː ɒvðə pɹɛzənt vɒljuːm aɪ bɹɔːt daʊn ðə ɹɛkɔːd ɒv kɹaɪm tə ðə sɛkənd dɛkeɪd ɒvðə pɹɛzənt sɛntʃəɹi.
LJ015-0286|A confederate followed the emissary closely,|ɐ kənfɛdəɹət fɒləʊd ðɪ ɛmɪsəɹi kləʊslɪ,
LJ041-0155|He always wanted to play the red pieces in chess because, as he said in an apparently humorous context,|hiː ɔːlweɪz wɒntɪd tə pleɪ ðə ɹɛd piːsɪz ɪn tʃɛs bɪkʌz, az hiː sɛd ɪn ɐn ɐpaɹəntli hjuːməɹəs kɒntɛkst,
LJ018-0276|The first plot was against Mr Harry Emmanuel, but he escaped, and the attempt was made upon Loudon and Ryder.|ðə fɜːst plɒt wɒz ɐɡɛnst mɪstə haɹi ɪmanjuːəl, bʌt hiː ɛskeɪpt, and ðɪ ɐtɛmpt wɒz meɪd əpɒn laʊdɒn and ɹaɪdə.
LJ016-0121|Krapps walked at once into the yard and across to the female side, where he found some of the washing still hanging out to dry.|kɹaps wɔːkt ɐtwɒns ɪntʊ ðə jɑːd and əkɹɒs tə ðə fiːmeɪl saɪd, weə hiː faʊnd sʌm ɒvðə wɒʃɪŋ stɪl haŋɪŋ aʊt tə dɹaɪ.
LJ033-0001|Report of the Presidents Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy. The Warren Commission Report. By The Presidents Commission on the Assassination of President Kennedy.|ɹɪpɔːt ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdənts kəmɪʃən ɒnðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən ɒv pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi. ðə wɒɹən kəmɪʃən ɹɪpɔːt. baɪ ðə pɹɛzɪdənts kəmɪʃən ɒnðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən ɒv pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi.
LJ037-0164|All four bullets were fired from a weapon|ɔːl fɔː bʊlɪts wɜː faɪəd fɹɒm ɐ wɛpən
LJ035-0123|None of these three men saw Dougherty, probably because of the anxiety of the moment and because of the books which may have blocked the view.|nʌn ɒv ðiːz θɹiː mɛn sɔː dəʊəti, pɹɒbəbli bɪkʌz ɒvðɪ aŋzaɪəti ɒvðə məʊmənt and bɪkʌz ɒvðə bʊks wɪtʃ meɪhɐv blɒkt ðə vjuː.
LJ046-0016|The Commission has not undertaken a comprehensive examination of all facets of this subject,|ðə kəmɪʃən həznɒt ʌndəteɪkən ɐ kɒmpɹɪhɛnsɪv ɛɡzamɪneɪʃən ɒv ɔːl fasɛts ɒv ðɪs sʌbdʒɛkt,
LJ027-0075|but, in spite of all these obscurations, corresponding parts usually may be made out.|bʌt, ɪn spaɪt ɒv ɔːl ðiːz ɒbskjʊɹeɪʃənz, kɒɹɪspɒndɪŋ pɑːts juːʒuːəli meɪ biː meɪd aʊt.
LJ028-0019|The stars come out one by one and shine brighter than elsewhere as if to light you on your way.|ðə stɑːz kʌm aʊt wɒn baɪ wɒn and ʃaɪn bɹaɪtə ðɐn ɛlsweəɹ az ɪf tə laɪt juː ɒn jɔː weɪ.
LJ011-0169|Miss Turner, not knowing him, would have left the room, but he said he came from her father, and she remained.|mɪs tɜːnə, nɒt nəʊɪŋ hɪm, wʊdhɐv lɛft ðə ɹuːm, bʌt hiː sɛd hiː keɪm fɹɒm hɜː fɑːðə, and ʃiː ɹɪmeɪnd.
LJ036-0130|Whaley described the ensuing events as follows, quote,|weɪli dɪskɹaɪbd ðɪ ɛnsjuːɪŋ ɪvɛnts az fɒləʊz, kwəʊt,
LJ018-0381|the wildest and most cut-throat looking of the lot, which proves that he could be grateful for kindness, and was not all bad.|ðə waɪldəst and məʊst kʌtθɹəʊt lʊkɪŋ ɒvðə lɒt, wɪtʃ pɹuːvz ðat hiː kʊd biː ɡɹeɪtfəl fɔː kaɪndnəs, and wɒz nɒt ɔːl bad.
LJ041-0170|Thornley testified, quote, At which time he looked at me like a betrayed Caesar and screamed, screamed definitely, Not you, too, Thornley!|θɔːnlɪ tɛstɪfaɪd, kwəʊt, at wɪtʃ taɪm hiː lʊkt at miː laɪk ɐ bɪtɹeɪd siːzə and skɹiːmd, skɹiːmd dɛfɪnətli, nɒt juː, tuː, θɔːnlɪ!
LJ039-0173|They had not even pulled the trigger because of concern about breaking the firing pin.|ðeɪ hɐd nɒt iːvən pʊld ðə tɹɪɡə bɪkʌz ɒv kənsɜːn ɐbaʊt bɹeɪkɪŋ ðə faɪəɹɪŋ pɪn.
LJ003-0213|Convicted murderers were kept continuously in the cells on bread and water,|kənvɪktɪd mɜːdəɹəz wɜː kɛpt kəntɪnjuːəsli ɪnðə sɛlz ɒn bɹɛd and wɔːtə,
LJ028-0203|Less picturesque than this Hebrew legend is the royal record of Babylon, which fortunately was inscribed upon a clay cylinder from the ruins of the city.|lɛs pɪktʃəɹɛsk ðɐn ðɪs hiːbɹuː lɛdʒənd ɪz ðə ɹɔɪəl ɹɛkɔːd ɒv babɪlən, wɪtʃ fɔːtʃənətli wɒz ɪnskɹaɪbd əpɒn ɐ kleɪ sɪlɪndə fɹʌmðə ɹuːɪnz ɒvðə sɪti.
LJ026-0047|circulation, metabolism, excretion, oxygenation part of respiration,|sɜːkjʊleɪʃən, mətabəlɪzəm, ɛkskɹɛʃən, ɒksɪdʒəneɪʃən pɑːt ɒv ɹɛspɪɹeɪʃən,
LJ018-0281|Their operations were no less worldwide.|ðeəɹ ɒpəɹeɪʃənz wɜː nəʊ lɛs wɜːldwaɪd.
LJ003-0321|No wine or beer should be in future admitted into or sold in the jail,|nəʊ waɪn ɔː biə ʃʊd biː ɪn fjuːtʃəɹ ɐdmɪtɪd ɪntʊ ɔː səʊld ɪnðə dʒeɪl,
LJ018-0257|He complained that he had at first been the dupe of others, and admitted that he had too readily fallen astray.|hiː kəmpleɪnd ðat hiː hɐd at fɜːst biːn ðə djuːp ɒv ʌðəz, and ɐdmɪtɪd ðat hiː hɐd tuː ɹɛdɪlɪ fɔːlən ɐstɹeɪ.
LJ029-0186|Increased concern about the Presidents visit was aroused by the incident involving the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Adlai E. Stevenson.|ɪnkɹiːsd kənsɜːn ɐbaʊt ðə pɹɛzɪdənts vɪzɪt wɒz ɐɹaʊzd baɪ ðɪ ɪnsɪdənt ɪnvɒlvɪŋ ðə juː.ɛs. ɐmbasədə tə ðə juːnaɪtɪd neɪʃənz, adlaɪ iː. stiːvənsən.
LJ016-0438|that the convicts clothes were still the executioners perquisite.|ðatðə kɒnvɪkts kləʊðz wɜː stɪl ðɪ ɛksɪkjuːʃənəz pɜːkwɪsɪt.
LJ008-0212|Cries of Comfortable room! Excellent situation! Beautiful prospect! Splendid view! resounded on every side.|kɹaɪz ɒv kʌmftəbəl ɹuːm! ɛksələnt sɪtʃuːeɪʃən! bjuːtɪfəl pɹɒspɛkt! splɛndɪd vjuː! ɹɪzaʊndɪd ɒn ɛvɹɪ saɪd.
LJ043-0039|He also indicated to officials at the American Embassy in Moscow that his defection was motivated at least in part|hiː ɒlsəʊ ɪndɪkeɪtɪd tʊ əfɪʃəlz at ðɪ ɐmɛɹɪkən ɛmbəsi ɪn mɒskəʊ ðat hɪz dɪfɛkʃən wɒz məʊtɪveɪtɪd at liːst ɪn pɑːt
LJ010-0156|Collins, when charged, pleaded that he had lost his leg in action, that he had petitioned without success for a pension,|kɒlɪnz, wɛn tʃɑːdʒd, pliːdɪd ðat hiː hɐd lɒst hɪz lɛɡ ɪn akʃən, ðat hiː hɐd pətɪʃənd wɪðaʊt səksɛs fəɹə pɛnʃən,
LJ009-0284|It was stated in evidence before the Commission on Capital Punishment in eighteen sixty-four,|ɪt wɒz steɪtɪd ɪn ɛvɪdəns bɪfɔː ðə kəmɪʃən ɒn kapɪtəl pʌnɪʃmənt ɪn eɪtiːn sɪkstifɔː,
LJ020-0072|Yolk of one egg beaten light.|jəʊk ɒv wɒn ɛɡ biːtən laɪt.
LJ023-0072|Congress passed a statute which, in eighteen oh three, the Court said violated an express provision of the Constitution.|kɒŋɡɹɛs past ɐ statʃuːt wɪtʃ, ɪn eɪtiːn əʊ θɹiː, ðə kɔːt sɛd vaɪəleɪtɪd ɐn ɛkspɹɛs pɹəvɪʒən ɒvðə kɒnstɪtjuːʃən.
LJ027-0139|and developmental changes which may be observed during the life history of now existing individuals belonging to the same group of animals.|and dɪvɛləpmɛntəl tʃeɪndʒɪz wɪtʃ meɪ biː ɒbzɜːvd djʊəɹɪŋ ðə laɪf hɪstəɹi ɒv naʊ ɛɡzɪstɪŋ ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəlz bɪlɒŋɪŋ tə ðə seɪm ɡɹuːp ɒv anɪməlz.
LJ030-0192|What are they doing to you! end quote. Looking back from the front seat,|wɒt ɑː ðeɪ duːɪŋ tə juː! ɛnd kwəʊt. lʊkɪŋ bak fɹʌmðə fɹʌnt siːt,
LJ028-0444|Deep down in the mound the Germans discovered the palace of Nebuchadnezzar with its hundreds of small chambers and its huge surrounding walls.|diːp daʊn ɪnðə maʊnd ðə dʒɜːmənz dɪskʌvəd ðə palɪs ɒv nɛbətʃadnɪzɑː wɪð ɪts hʌndɹədz ɒv smɔːl tʃeɪmbəz and ɪts hjuːdʒ səɹaʊndɪŋ wɔːlz.
LJ001-0104|Italy is contentedly stagnant.|ɪtəli ɪz kəntɛntɪdlɪ staɡnənt.
LJ039-0215|Frazier added that the scope would cause a slight miss to the right.|fɹeɪzɪəɹ adɪd ðatðə skəʊp wʊd kɔːz ɐ slaɪt mɪs tə ðə ɹaɪt.
LJ048-0033|Prior to November twenty-two, nineteen sixty-three|pɹaɪə tə nəʊvɛmbə twɛntituː, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː
LJ016-0255|The old prejudices, such as that which enlisted Dr Johnson on the side of the Tyburn procession, still lingered and prevented any change.|ðɪ əʊld pɹɛdʒuːdɪsɪz, sʌtʃ ɐz ðat wɪtʃ ɛnlɪstɪd dɒktə dʒɒnsən ɒnðə saɪd ɒvðə taɪbɜːn pɹəsɛʃən, stɪl lɪŋɡəd and pɹɪvɛntɪd ɛni tʃeɪndʒ.
LJ025-0038|carbon, hydrogen and oxygen.|kɑːbən, haɪdɹədʒən and ɒksɪdʒən.
LJ016-0326|Lord Advocate, Mr Charles Neate, Mr William Ewart, and last, but not least, Mr John Bright|lɔːd advəkeɪt, mɪstə tʃɑːlz niːt, mɪstə wɪliəm juːɔːt, and last, bʌt nɒt liːst, mɪstə dʒɒn bɹaɪt
LJ015-0136|First a lawyers clerk, he then got an appointment in the Peninsular and Oriental Companys office,|fɜːst ɐ lɔɪəz klɑːk, hiː ðɛn ɡɒt ɐn ɐpɔɪntmənt ɪnðə pənɪnsjʊlə and ɔːɹɪɛntəl kʌmpənɪz ɒfɪs,
LJ010-0011|This led to a rapid and marked increase in all kinds of fraud,|ðɪs lɛd tʊ ɐ ɹapɪd and mɑːkt ɪnkɹiːs ɪn ɔːl kaɪndz ɒv fɹɔːd,
LJ048-0085|the Commission believes that the liaison between all Federal agencies responsible for Presidential protection should be improved.|ðə kəmɪʃən bɪliːvz ðatðə liːeɪzɒn bɪtwiːn ɔːl fɛdəɹəl eɪdʒənsiz ɹɪspɒnsəbəl fɔː pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl pɹətɛkʃən ʃʊd biː ɪmpɹuːvd.
LJ018-0072|The inspector said that they could not be removed till he reached England.|ðɪ ɪnspɛktə sɛd ðat ðeɪ kʊd nɒt biː ɹɪmuːvd tɪl hiː ɹiːtʃt ɪŋɡlənd.
LJ047-0169|Hosty took the necessary steps to have the Dallas office of the FBI, rather than the New Orleans office, reestablished as the office with principal responsibility.|hɒsti tʊk ðə nɛsəsəɹi stɛps tə hav ðə daləs ɒfɪs ɒvðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ, ɹɑːðə ðɐn ðə njuː ɔːliənz ɒfɪs, ɹiːɪstablɪʃt az ðɪ ɒfɪs wɪð pɹɪnsɪpəl ɹɪspɒnsəbɪlɪti.
LJ018-0274|who was followed, disguised, and with her hair dyed black, to a house in the Marylebone Road, where she met her husband.|huː wɒz fɒləʊd, dɪsɡaɪzd, and wɪð hɜː heə daɪd blak, tʊ ɐ haʊs ɪnðə meəɹaɪlbəʊn ɹəʊd, weə ʃiː mɛt hɜː hʌsbənd.
LJ002-0099|to which access was granted rarely and as a great favor. But they were allowed the luxury of drink -- if they could pay for it.|tə wɪtʃ aksɛs wɒz ɡɹantɪd ɹeəli and az ɐ ɡɹeɪt feɪvə. bʌt ðeɪ wɜːɹ ɐlaʊd ðə lʌkʃəɹi ɒv dɹɪŋk ɪf ðeɪ kʊd peɪ fɔːɹ ɪt.
LJ037-0086|Her reaction when she saw Oswald in the lineup was that, quote,|hɜː ɹɪakʃən wɛn ʃiː sɔː ɒswəld ɪnðə laɪnʌp wɒz ðat, kwəʊt,
LJ005-0108|the prisoners, without firing, bedding, or sufficient food, spent their days in surveying their grotesque prison,|ðə pɹɪzənəz, wɪðaʊt faɪəɹɪŋ, bɛdɪŋ, ɔː səfɪʃənt fuːd, spɛnt ðeə deɪz ɪn səveɪɪŋ ðeə ɡɹəʊtɛsk pɹɪzən,
LJ016-0405|went impenitent to the gallows. The only sign of feeling he showed was in asking to be allowed to choose the hymns on the Sunday|wɛnt ɪmpɛnɪtənt tə ðə ɡaləʊz. ðɪ əʊnli saɪn ɒv fiːlɪŋ hiː ʃəʊd wɒz ɪn askɪŋ təbi ɐlaʊd tə tʃuːz ðə hɪmz ɒnðə sʌndeɪ
LJ025-0019|Although the roots of plants direct themselves toward moisture and their leaves toward air and light,|ɒlðəʊ ðə ɹuːts ɒv plants daɪɹɛkt ðɛmsɛlvz tʊwɔːd mɔɪstʃə and ðeə liːvz tʊwɔːd eə and laɪt,
LJ013-0025|But another ship, concluding that he was acting in ignorance, rendered him assistance.|bʌt ɐnʌðə ʃɪp, kənkluːdɪŋ ðat hiː wɒz aktɪŋ ɪn ɪɡnəɹəns, ɹɛndəd hɪm ɐsɪstəns.
LJ007-0076|The lax discipline maintained in Newgate was still further deteriorated by the presence of two other classes of prisoners who ought never to have been inmates of such a jail.|ðə laks dɪsɪplɪn meɪnteɪnd ɪn njuːɡeɪt wɒz stɪl fɜːðə dɪtiəɹiəɹeɪtɪd baɪ ðə pɹɛzəns ɒv tuː ʌðə klasɪz ɒv pɹɪzənəz huː ɔːt nɛvə tə hɐvbɪn ɪnmeɪts ɒv sʌtʃ ɐ dʒeɪl.
LJ003-0115|The judge sat in proper form, he was punctiliously styled my lord.|ðə dʒʌdʒ sat ɪn pɹɒpə fɔːm, hiː wɒz pʌŋktɪlɪəsli staɪld maɪ lɔːd.
LJ047-0049|Marina Oswald, however, recalled that her husband was upset by this interview.|məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld, haʊɛvə, ɹɪkɔːld ðat hɜː hʌsbənd wɒz ʌpsɛt baɪ ðɪs ɪntəvjuː.
LJ003-0065|All the misdemeanants, whatever their offense, were lodged in this chapel ward.|ɔːl ðə mɪsdɪmiːnənts, wɒtɛvə ðeəɹ əfɛns, wɜː lɒdʒd ɪn ðɪs tʃapəl wɔːd.
LJ013-0211|What are you doing here? asked his lordship.|wɒt ɑː juː duːɪŋ hiə? askt hɪz lɔːdʃɪp.
LJ016-0215|The mark was valued at thirteenpence halfpenny, or rather more than the shilling, which from time immemorial had been the hangmans wages.|ðə mɑːk wɒz valjuːd at θɜːtiːnpəns hɑːfpəni, ɔː ɹɑːðə mɔː ðɐn ðə ʃɪlɪŋ, wɪtʃ fɹɒm taɪm ɪmɪmɔːɹɪəl hɐdbɪn ðə haŋmənz weɪdʒɪz.
LJ011-0069|and that after hanging for the regulated time he was taken down and easily restored to consciousness.|and ðat aftə haŋɪŋ fəðə ɹɛɡjuːleɪtɪd taɪm hiː wɒz teɪkən daʊn and iːzɪlɪ ɹɪstɔːd tə kɒnʃəsnəs.
LJ031-0084|But his condition was hopeless, and the extraordinary efforts of the doctors to save him could not help but to have been unavailing.|bʌt hɪz kəndɪʃən wɒz həʊpləs, and ðɪ ɛkstɹɔːdɪnəɹi ɛfəts ɒvðə dɒktəz tə seɪv hɪm kʊd nɒt hɛlp bʌt tə hɐvbɪn ʌnɐveɪlɪŋ.
LJ018-0168|but proofs of Griffiths guilt were at once apparent on entering his work-room.|bʌt pɹuːfs ɒv ɡɹɪfɪθs ɡɪlt wɜːɹ ɐtwɒns ɐpaɹənt ɒn ɛntəɹɪŋ hɪz wɜːkɹuːm.
LJ045-0234|While he did become enraged at at least one point in his interrogation,|waɪl hiː dɪd bɪkʌm ɛnɹeɪdʒd at at liːst wɒn pɔɪnt ɪn hɪz ɪntɛɹəɡeɪʃən,
LJ016-0337|In the houses opposite the prison numbers of detectives mixed with the spectators,|ɪnðə haʊzɪz ɒpəsɪt ðə pɹɪzən nʌmbəz ɒv dɪtɛktɪvz mɪkst wɪððə spɛkteɪtəz,
LJ008-0042|is enclosed by a temporary roof, under which are placed two seats for the reception of the sheriffs, one on each side of the stairs leading to the scaffold.|ɪz ɛnkləʊzd baɪ ɐ tɛmpɹəɹɪ ɹuːf, ʌndə wɪtʃ ɑː pleɪst tuː siːts fəðə ɹɪsɛpʃən ɒvðə ʃɛɹɪfs, wɒn ɒn iːtʃ saɪd ɒvðə steəz liːdɪŋ tə ðə skafəʊld.
LJ038-0256|In the room beyond the one in which General Walker was sitting on the night of the shooting the Dallas police recovered a badly mutilated bullet|ɪnðə ɹuːm bɪjɒnd ðə wɒn ɪn wɪtʃ dʒɛnəɹəl wɔːkə wɒz sɪtɪŋ ɒnðə naɪt ɒvðə ʃuːtɪŋ ðə daləs pəliːs ɹɪkʌvəd ɐ badli mjuːtɪleɪtɪd bʊlɪt
LJ010-0095|Meanwhile the main body remained at their headquarters, a ruined stable in Cato Street,|miːnwaɪl ðə meɪn bɒdi ɹɪmeɪnd at ðeə hɛdkwɔːtəz, ɐ ɹuːɪnd steɪbəl ɪn kɑːtəʊ stɹiːt,
LJ041-0169|and on how angry it made him, to which Thornley replied, quote, Well, comes the revolution you will change all that, end quote.|and ɒn haʊ aŋɡɹi ɪt meɪd hɪm, tə wɪtʃ θɔːnlɪ ɹɪplaɪd, kwəʊt, wɛl, kʌmz ðə ɹɛvəluːʃən juː wɪl tʃeɪndʒ ɔːl ðat, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ011-0149|The abduction of Miss Turner by the brothers Wakefield bore a strong resemblance to the carrying off and forcible marrying of heiresses as already described.|ðɪ ɐbdʌkʃən ɒv mɪs tɜːnə baɪ ðə bɹʌðəz weɪkfiːld bɔːɹ ɐ stɹɒŋ ɹɪsɛmbləns tə ðə kaɹɪɪŋ ɒf and fɔːsəbəl maɹɪɪŋ ɒv eəɹɛsɪz az ɔːlɹɛdi dɪskɹaɪbd.
LJ040-0058|after June of nineteen sixty-two.|aftə dʒjuːn ɒv naɪntiːn sɪkstituː.
LJ036-0091|And neither Captain Fritz nor any other officer can remember that Oswald dramatically arose from his chair|and naɪðə kaptɪn fɹɪts nɔːɹ ɛni ʌðəɹ ɒfɪsə kan ɹɪmɛmbə ðat ɒswəld dɹəmatɪkli ɐɹəʊz fɹɒm hɪz tʃeə
LJ012-0128|A young man named Caspar, clerk to a steam-ship company,|ɐ jʌŋ man neɪmd kaspɑː, klɑːk tʊ ɐ stiːmʃɪp kʌmpəni,
LJ038-0033|He walked out of the row up the right center aisle.|hiː wɔːkt aʊtəv ðə ɹaʊ ʌp ðə ɹaɪt sɛntəɹ aɪəl.
LJ008-0090|It was still the custom to offer warm encouragement or bitter disapproval, according to the character and antecedents of the sufferer.|ɪt wɒz stɪl ðə kʌstəm tʊ ɒfə wɔːm ɛnkʌɹɪdʒmənt ɔː bɪtə dɪsɐpɹuːvəl, ɐkɔːdɪŋ tə ðə kaɹɪktə and antɪsiːdənts ɒvðə sʌfəɹə.
LJ040-0096|Pic said, quote,|pɪk sɛd, kwəʊt,
LJ028-0218|Without a skirmish or a battle, he permitted them to enter Babylon, and, sparing the city, he delivered the King Nabonidus to him.|wɪðaʊt ɐ skɜːmɪʃ ɔːɹ ɐ batəl, hiː pəmɪtɪd ðɛm tʊ ɛntə babɪlən, and, speəɹɪŋ ðə sɪti, hiː dɪlɪvəd ðə kɪŋ nabənɪdəs tə hɪm.
LJ043-0020|The relations between Oswald and his wife became such that Bouhe wanted to liberate her from Oswald.|ðə ɹɪleɪʃənz bɪtwiːn ɒswəld and hɪz waɪf bɪkeɪm sʌtʃ ðat baʊh wɒntɪd tə lɪbəɹeɪt hɜː fɹɒm ɒswəld.
LJ035-0093|On the basis of this time test, therefore,|ɒnðə beɪsɪs ɒv ðɪs taɪm tɛst, ðeəfɔː,
LJ033-0065|With Ruth Paine acting as an interpreter, Detective Rose asked Marina whether her husband had a rifle.|wɪð ɹuːθ peɪn aktɪŋ az ɐn ɪntɜːpɹɪtə, dɪtɛktɪv ɹəʊz askt məɹiːnə wɛðə hɜː hʌsbənd hɐd ɐ ɹaɪfəl.
LJ048-0050|This conclusion may be tinged with hindsight, but|ðɪs kənkluːʒən meɪ biː tɪndʒd wɪð haɪndsaɪt, bʌt
LJ016-0162|he fastened one end of the strap above mentioned to the hook, and then fell down.|hiː fasənd wɒn ɛnd ɒvðə stɹap əbʌv mɛnʃənd tə ðə hʊk, and ðɛn fɛl daʊn.
LJ007-0210|Abuses and irregularities, which had been partially remedied by the reform introduced in eighteen thirty-seven, were once more in the ascendant.|ɐbjuːsɪz and ɪɹɛɡjuːlaɹɪtiz, wɪtʃ hɐdbɪn pɑːʃəli ɹɛmədid baɪ ðə ɹɪfɔːm ɪntɹədjuːst ɪn eɪtiːn θɜːtisɛvən, wɜː wɒns mɔːɹ ɪnðɪ ɐsɛndənt.
LJ036-0092|and said, quote, Everybody will know who I am now, end quote.|and sɛd, kwəʊt, ɛvɹɪbɒdi wɪl nəʊ huː aɪɐm naʊ, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ030-0227|Special Agent George W. Hickey, Jr, in the rear seat of the Presidential follow-up car,|spɛʃəl eɪdʒənt dʒɔːdʒ dʌbəljuː. hɪkɪ, dʒeɪɑː, ɪnðə ɹiə siːt ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl fɒləʊʌp kɑː,
LJ039-0177|was greater than from the second to the third shot and required a movement in the basic firing position of the marksmen.|wɒz ɡɹeɪtə ðɐn fɹʌmðə sɛkənd tə ðə θɜːd ʃɒt and ɹɪkwaɪəd ɐ muːvmənt ɪnðə beɪsɪk faɪəɹɪŋ pəzɪʃən ɒvðə mɑːksmɛn.
LJ022-0172|There is need for legislation providing for the regulation of interstate transportation by buses and trucks,|ðeəɹ ɪz niːd fɔː lɛdʒɪsleɪʃən pɹəvaɪdɪŋ fəðə ɹɛɡjuːleɪʃən ɒv ɪntəsteɪt tɹanspɔːteɪʃən baɪ bʌsɪz and tɹʌks,
LJ034-0109|one-sixty to one-seventy pounds.|wɒnsɪksti tə wɒnsɛvənti paʊndz.
LJ019-0062|The system of associated labor in silence had also its warm supporters,|ðə sɪstəm ɒv ɐsəʊsɪeɪtɪd leɪbəɹ ɪn saɪləns hɐd ɒlsəʊ ɪts wɔːm səpɔːtəz,
LJ046-0089|His travel would be in secret, his public appearances would be behind bulletproof glass. A more practical approach necessitates compromise.|hɪz tɹavəl wʊd biː ɪn siːkɹət, hɪz pʌblɪk ɐpiəɹənsɪz wʊd biː bɪhaɪnd bʊlɪtpɹuːf ɡlas. ɐ mɔː pɹaktɪkəl ɐpɹəʊtʃ nəsɛsɪteɪts kɒmpɹəmaɪz.
LJ034-0066|that Oswald was at the window from which the shots were fired, although the prints do not establish the exact time he was there.|ðat ɒswəld wɒz at ðə wɪndəʊ fɹʌm wɪtʃ ðə ʃɒts wɜː faɪəd, ɒlðəʊ ðə pɹɪnts duːnɒt ɪstablɪʃ ðɪ ɛɡzakt taɪm hiː wɒz ðeə.
LJ016-0371|The interment in a shell filled with quicklime in the passage-way leading to the Old Bailey is also a part of the duty of the prison officials.|ðɪ ɪntɜːmənt ɪn ɐ ʃɛl fɪld wɪð kwɪklaɪm ɪnðə pasɪdʒweɪ liːdɪŋ tə ðɪ əʊld beɪlɪ ɪz ɒlsəʊ ɐ pɑːt ɒvðə djuːti ɒvðə pɹɪzən əfɪʃəlz.
LJ033-0050|Marina Oswald testified that it was between nine and ten p m|məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld tɛstɪfaɪd ðɐtɪt wɒz bɪtwiːn naɪn and tɛn piː ɛm
LJ031-0143|and decided that there would be no release of the news of the Presidents death until the Vice President had left the hospital.|and dɪsaɪdɪd ðat ðeə wʊd biː nəʊ ɹɪliːs ɒvðə njuːz ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdənts dɛθ ʌntɪl ðə vaɪs pɹɛzɪdənt hɐd lɛft ðə hɒspɪtəl.
LJ003-0192|Hence there was a terrible accumulation of prisoners in the condemned cells.|hɛns ðeəwɒz ɐ tɛɹəbəl ɐkjuːmjʊleɪʃən ɒv pɹɪzənəz ɪnðə kəndɛmd sɛlz.
LJ038-0243|and twelve, nineteen sixty-three, and most probably on either March nine or March ten.|and twɛlv, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː, and məʊst pɹɒbəbli ɒn aɪðə mɑːtʃ naɪn ɔː mɑːtʃ tɛn.
LJ018-0328|Few of the Newgate notorieties of late years show any marked peculiarities,|fjuː ɒvðə njuːɡeɪt nəʊtɔːɹaɪətɪz ɒv leɪt jiəz ʃəʊ ɛni mɑːkt pɪkjuːlɪaɹɪtiz,
LJ032-0097|Expert testimony confirmed that the writing on this application was that of Lee Harvey Oswald.|ɛkspɜːt tɛstɪmənɪ kənfɜːmd ðatðə ɹaɪtɪŋ ɒn ðɪs aplɪkeɪʃən wɒz ðat ɒv liː hɑːvi ɒswəld.
LJ042-0210|A suggestion that Oswald hated more than just capitalism and communism|ɐ sədʒɛstʃən ðat ɒswəld heɪtɪd mɔː ðɐn dʒʌst kapɪtəlɪzəm and kɒmjuːnɪzəm
LJ018-0018|he wore gold-rimmed eye-glasses and a gold watch and chain.|hiː wɔː ɡəʊldɹɪmd aɪɡlasɪz and ɐ ɡəʊld wɒtʃ and tʃeɪn.
LJ033-0005|was brought into the Depository Building, where it was found on the sixth floor shortly after the assassination.|wɒz bɹɔːt ɪntʊ ðə dɪpɒsɪtəɹi bɪldɪŋ, weəɹ ɪt wɒz faʊnd ɒnðə sɪksθ flɔː ʃɔːtli aftə ðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən.
LJ047-0209|that he had owned a weapon and did a good deal of hunting or use of it, perhaps in Russia, plus a number of items about his disposition and unreliability of character,|ðat hiː hɐd əʊnd ɐ wɛpən and dɪd ɐ ɡʊd diːl ɒv hʌntɪŋ ɔː juːs ɒv ɪt, pəhaps ɪn ɹʌʃə, plʌs ɐ nʌmbəɹ ɒv aɪtəmz ɐbaʊt hɪz dɪspəzɪʃən and ʌnɹɪlaɪəbɪlɪti ɒv kaɹɪktə,
LJ010-0031|the same and happily often futile precautions taken to conceal the crime.|ðə seɪm and hapɪlɪ ɒfən fjuːtaɪl pɹɪkɔːʃənz teɪkən tə kənsiːl ðə kɹaɪm.
LJ011-0214|They were tried in March of the following year, Edward Wakefield having apparently given himself up,|ðeɪ wɜː tɹaɪd ɪn mɑːtʃ ɒvðə fɒləʊɪŋ jiə, ɛdwəd weɪkfiːld havɪŋ ɐpaɹəntli ɡɪvən hɪmsɛlf ʌp,
LJ010-0315|and sold out to the amount here stated, and without the knowledge of my partners.|and səʊld aʊt tə ðɪ ɐmaʊnt hiə steɪtɪd, and wɪðaʊt ðə nɒlɪdʒ ɒv maɪ pɑːtnəz.
LJ047-0006|The FBI had been interested in him, to some degree at least, since the time of his defection in October nineteen fifty-nine.|ðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ hɐdbɪn ɪntɹəstɪd ɪn hɪm, tə sʌm dɪɡɹiː at liːst, sɪns ðə taɪm ɒv hɪz dɪfɛkʃən ɪn ɒktəʊbə naɪntiːn fɪftinaɪn.
LJ001-0003|For although the Chinese took impressions from wood blocks engraved in relief for centuries before the woodcutters of the Netherlands, by a similar process|fɔːɹ ɒlðəʊ ðə tʃaɪniːz tʊk ɪmpɹɛʃənz fɹɒm wʊd blɒks ɛnɡɹeɪvd ɪn ɹɪliːf fɔː sɛntʃəɹɪz bɪfɔː ðə wʊdkʌtəz ɒvðə nɛðələndz, baɪ ɐ sɪmɪlə pɹəʊsɛs
LJ044-0081|to make himself and his activities appear far more important than they really were.|tə meɪk hɪmsɛlf and hɪz aktɪvɪtiz ɐpiə fɑːmɔːɹ ɪmpɔːtənt ðɐn ðeɪ ɹiəlɪ wɜː.
LJ001-0151|the unit of the book being looked on as the two pages forming an opening.|ðə juːnɪt ɒvðə bʊk biːɪŋ lʊkt ɒn az ðə tuː peɪdʒɪz fɔːmɪŋ ɐn əʊpənɪŋ.
LJ007-0149|the jail, and the scaffold.|ðə dʒeɪl, and ðə skafəʊld.
LJ028-0078|About the head was an inscription in Greek characters saying that the face was that of Nebuchadnezzar.|ɐbaʊt ðə hɛd wɒz ɐn ɪnskɹɪpʃən ɪn ɡɹiːk kaɹɪktəz seɪɪŋ ðatðə feɪs wɒz ðat ɒv nɛbətʃadnɪzɑː.
LJ034-0103|This description most probably led to the radio alert sent to police cars at approximately twelve,forty-five p m, which described the suspect as white,|ðɪs dɪskɹɪpʃən məʊst pɹɒbəbli lɛd tə ðə ɹeɪdɪəʊ ɐlɜːt sɛnt tə pəliːs kɑːz at ɐpɹɒksɪmətli twɛlv,fɔːtifaɪv piː ɛm, wɪtʃ dɪskɹaɪbd ðə sʌspɛkt az waɪt,
LJ018-0298|Time was clearly an important factor in the fraud, hence the bills were sent forward in quick succession.|taɪm wɒz kliəli ɐn ɪmpɔːtənt faktəɹ ɪnðə fɹɔːd, hɛns ðə bɪlz wɜː sɛnt fɔːwəd ɪn kwɪk səksɛʃən.
LJ031-0050|Observing the serious problems presented by the head wound and inadequate respiration, Dr Carrico directed his attention to improving the Presidents breathing.|ɒbzɜːvɪŋ ðə siəɹɪəs pɹɒbləmz pɹɪzɛntɪd baɪ ðə hɛd wuːnd and ɪnadɪkwət ɹɛspɪɹeɪʃən, dɒktə kaɹɪkəʊ daɪɹɛktɪd hɪz ɐtɛnʃən tʊ ɪmpɹuːvɪŋ ðə pɹɛzɪdənts bɹiːðɪŋ.
LJ012-0217|Meanwhile, a search had been made at Nova Scotia Gardens, Bethnal Green, where Bishop and Williams lived.|miːnwaɪl, ɐ sɜːtʃ hɐdbɪn meɪd at nəʊvə skəʊʃə ɡɑːdənz, bɛθnəl ɡɹiːn, weə bɪʃəp and wɪliəmz lɪvd.
LJ012-0262|whom she was to have married, and in whose company she had left her own lodgings to visit his in Camberwell.|huːm ʃiː wɒz tə hav maɹɪd, and ɪn huːz kʌmpəni ʃiː hɐd lɛft hɜːɹ əʊn lɒdʒɪŋz tə vɪzɪt hɪz ɪn kambəwɛl.
LJ048-0054|which specifically required the referral of such a case as Oswalds to the Secret Service,|wɪtʃ spəsɪfɪkli ɹɪkwaɪəd ðə ɹɪfɜːɹəl ɒv sʌtʃ ɐ keɪs az ɒswəldz tə ðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs,
LJ021-0210|to greater security for the average man than he has ever known before in the history of America.|tə ɡɹeɪtə sɪkjʊəɹɪti fəðɪ avɹɪdʒ man ðɐn hiː hɐz ɛvə nəʊn bɪfɔːɹ ɪnðə hɪstəɹi ɒv ɐmɛɹɪkə.
LJ023-0081|asserted a power to veto laws passed by the Congress and state legislatures in complete disregard of this original limitation.|ɐsɜːtɪd ɐ paʊə tə viːtəʊ lɔːz past baɪ ðə kɒŋɡɹɛs and steɪt lɛdʒɪslətʃəz ɪn kəmpliːt dɪsɹɪɡɑːd ɒv ðɪs əɹɪdʒɪnəl lɪmɪteɪʃən.
LJ033-0122|Mrs Randle said, when shown the paper bag,|mɪsɪz ɹandəl sɛd, wɛn ʃəʊn ðə peɪpə baɡ,
LJ006-0051|and for offenses of the most varying description, by the Central Criminal Court.|and fɔːɹ əfɛnsɪz ɒvðə məʊst veəɹiɪŋ dɪskɹɪpʃən, baɪ ðə sɛntɹəl kɹɪmɪnəl kɔːt.
LJ017-0223|The mutiny was organized with great secrecy, and broke out most unexpectedly in the middle of the night.|ðə mjuːtɪni wɒz ɔːɡɐnaɪzd wɪð ɡɹeɪt siːkɹəsi, and bɹəʊk aʊt məʊst ʌnɛkspɛktɪdlɪ ɪnðə mɪdəl ɒvðə naɪt.
LJ014-0076|He was seen afterwards smoking and talking with his hosts in their back parlor, and never seen again alive.|hiː wɒz siːn aftəwədz sməʊkɪŋ and tɔːkɪŋ wɪð hɪz həʊsts ɪn ðeə bak pɑːlə, and nɛvə siːn ɐɡɛn ɐlaɪv.
LJ014-0201|After sentence, the Newgate officers who had special charge of him noticed that he slept well and ate well, enjoying all his meals.|aftə sɛntəns, ðə njuːɡeɪt ɒfɪsəz huː hɐd spɛʃəl tʃɑːdʒ ɒv hɪm nəʊtɪsd ðat hiː slɛpt wɛl and eɪt wɛl, ɛndʒɔɪɪŋ ɔːl hɪz miːlz.
LJ048-0083|were discussed twice officially by the special agent in charge of the FBI office in Dallas. As discussed in chapter two,|wɜː dɪskʌst twaɪs əfɪʃəli baɪ ðə spɛʃəl eɪdʒənt ɪn tʃɑːdʒ ɒvðɪ ɛfbiːaɪ ɒfɪs ɪn daləs. az dɪskʌst ɪn tʃaptə tuː,
LJ010-0127|The reckless demeanor of all the convicts except Davidson was most marked. Thistlewood and Ings sucked oranges on the scaffold,|ðə ɹɛkləs dɪmiːnəɹ ɒv ɔːl ðə kɒnvɪkts ɛksɛpt deɪvɪdsən wɒz məʊst mɑːkt. θɪsəlwʊd and ɪŋz sʌkt ɒɹɪndʒɪz ɒnðə skafəʊld,
LJ019-0006|laid it down that individuals might be confined separately and apart in single cells.|leɪd ɪt daʊn ðat ɪndɪvɪdʒuːəlz maɪt biː kənfaɪnd sɛpɹətli and ɐpɑːt ɪn sɪŋɡəl sɛlz.
LJ001-0183|Therefore, granted well-designed type, due spacing of the lines and words, and proper position of the page on the paper,|ðeəfɔː, ɡɹantɪd wɛldɪzaɪnd taɪp, djuː speɪsɪŋ ɒvðə laɪnz and wɜːdz, and pɹɒpə pəzɪʃən ɒvðə peɪdʒ ɒnðə peɪpə,
LJ005-0050|and in moral and religious duty, and which after a time sought to provide them with suitable situations, was supported entirely out of the funds of the Society.|and ɪn mɒɹəl and ɹɪlɪdʒəs djuːti, and wɪtʃ aftəɹ ɐ taɪm sɔːt tə pɹəvaɪd ðɛm wɪð suːtəbəl sɪtʃuːeɪʃənz, wɒz səpɔːtɪd ɛntaɪəli aʊtəv ðə fʌndz ɒvðə səsaɪəti.
LJ046-0085|The degree of security that can be afforded the President of the United States|ðə dɪɡɹiː ɒv sɪkjʊəɹɪti ðat kan biː ɐfɔːdɪd ðə pɹɛzɪdənt ɒvðə juːnaɪtɪd steɪts
LJ009-0260|The spectacle was horrible,|ðə spɛktəkəl wɒz hɒɹɪbəl,
LJ016-0442|made a determined effort to burn himself to death by throwing himself bodily on to the fire in the condemned ward.|meɪd ɐ dɪtɜːmɪnd ɛfət tə bɜːn hɪmsɛlf tə dɛθ baɪ θɹəʊɪŋ hɪmsɛlf bɒdɪlɪ ɒn tə ðə faɪəɹ ɪnðə kəndɛmd wɔːd.
LJ003-0255|The unchecked admission of crowds of visitors to the felons as well as the debtors side was another unmixed evil.|ðɪ ʌntʃɛkt ɐdmɪʃən ɒv kɹaʊdz ɒv vɪzɪtəz tə ðə fɛlənz az wɛl az ðə dɛtəz saɪd wɒz ɐnʌðəɹ ʌnmɪkst iːvəl.
LJ009-0220|the bodies of all prisoners convicted of murder should either be hung in chains, or buried under the gallows on which they had been executed,|ðə bɒdɪz ɒv ɔːl pɹɪzənəz kənvɪktɪd ɒv mɜːdə ʃʊd aɪðə biː hʌŋ ɪn tʃeɪnz, ɔː bɛɹɪd ʌndə ðə ɡaləʊz ɒn wɪtʃ ðeɪ hɐdbɪn ɛksɪkjuːtɪd,
LJ019-0041|Other jurisdictions were less prompt to recognize their responsibilities, the city of London among the number, as I shall presently show at length.|ʌðə dʒʊəɹɪsdɪkʃənz wɜː lɛs pɹɒmpt tə ɹɛkəɡnaɪz ðeə ɹɪspɒnsəbɪlɪtiz, ðə sɪti ɒv lʌndən ɐmʌŋ ðə nʌmbə, az aɪʃɐl pɹɛzəntlɪ ʃəʊ at lɛŋθ.
LJ022-0198|We have in the darkest moments of our national trials retained our faith in our own ability to master our destiny.|wiː hav ɪnðə dɑːkəst məʊmənts ɒv aʊə naʃənəl tɹaɪəlz ɹɪteɪnd aʊə feɪθ ɪn aʊəɹ əʊn ɐbɪləti tə mastəɹ aʊə dɛstɪni.
LJ043-0009|a Russian-speaking petroleum engineer whom Oswald met as a result of his contact with the Texas Employment Commission office in Fort Worth.|ɐ ɹʌʃənspiːkɪŋ pətɹəʊliːəm ɛndʒɪniə huːm ɒswəld mɛt az ɐ ɹɪzʌlt ɒv hɪz kɒntakt wɪððə tɛksəs ɛmplɔɪmənt kəmɪʃən ɒfɪs ɪn fɔːt wɜːθ.
LJ008-0094|His appearance on the scaffold was the signal for three prolonged shouts from an innumerable populace, the brutal effusion of one common sentiment.|hɪz ɐpiəɹəns ɒnðə skafəʊld wʌzðə sɪɡnəl fɔː θɹiː pɹəlɒŋd ʃaʊts fɹɒm ɐn ɪnjuːməɹəbəl pɒpjʊleɪs, ðə bɹuːtəl ɪfjuːʒən ɒv wɒn kɒmən sɛntɪmənt.
LJ018-0312|A plot was soon discovered,|ɐ plɒt wɒz suːn dɪskʌvəd,
LJ030-0233|behind the Presidential follow-up car at the time of the shooting and signaled for it to move in closer.|bɪhaɪnd ðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl fɒləʊʌp kɑːɹ at ðə taɪm ɒvðə ʃuːtɪŋ and sɪɡnəld fɔːɹ ɪt tə muːv ɪn kləʊsə.
LJ009-0135|So many applications for admission were made to the sheriffs,|səʊ mɛni aplɪkeɪʃənz fɔːɹ ɐdmɪʃən wɜː meɪd tə ðə ʃɛɹɪfs,
LJ026-0165|Imagine a higher animal with an attachment for turning the carbon dioxide and water excreted|ɪmadʒɪn ɐ haɪəɹ anɪməl wɪð ɐn ɐtatʃmənt fɔː tɜːnɪŋ ðə kɑːbən daɪɒksaɪd and wɔːtəɹ ɛkskɹiːtɪd
LJ003-0089|Occasionally the transports made themselves so useful in the jail that they were passed over.|əkeɪʒənəli ðə tɹanspɔːts meɪd ðɛmsɛlvz səʊ juːsfəl ɪnðə dʒeɪl ðat ðeɪ wɜː past əʊvə.
LJ007-0196|the provision of dining-rooms and dining-tables.|ðə pɹəvɪʒən ɒv daɪnɪŋɹuːmz and daɪnɪŋteɪbəlz.
LJ008-0277|Convicted offenders might have good or bad luck, they might be arraigned when their particular crime was uncommon, and were then nearly certain to escape,|kənvɪktɪd əfɛndəz maɪthɐv ɡʊd ɔː bad lʌk, ðeɪ maɪt biː ɐɹeɪnd wɛn ðeə pətɪkjʊlə kɹaɪm wɒz ʌnkɒmən, and wɜː ðɛn niəli sɜːtən tʊ ɛskeɪp,
LJ048-0104|There were far safer routes via freeways directly to the Trade Mart,|ðeəwɜː fɑː seɪfə ɹuːts vaɪə fɹiːweɪz daɪɹɛktli tə ðə tɹeɪd mɑːt,
LJ002-0293|those who could pay nothing went, as a matter of course, to the common side,|ðəʊz huː kʊd peɪ nʌθɪŋ wɛnt, az ɐ matəɹ ɒv kɔːs, tə ðə kɒmən saɪd,
LJ023-0128|I came by a process of elimination to the conclusion that, short of amendments,|aɪ keɪm baɪ ɐ pɹəʊsɛs ɒv ɪlɪmɪneɪʃən tə ðə kənkluːʒən ðat, ʃɔːt ɒv ɐmɛndmənts,
LJ048-0192|show the foot patrolmen facing the passing motorcade, and not the adjacent crowds and buildings, as the procession passed.|ʃəʊ ðə fʊt pɐtɹəʊlmɛn feɪsɪŋ ðə pasɪŋ məʊtəkeɪd, and nɒt ðɪ ɐdʒeɪsənt kɹaʊdz and bɪldɪŋz, az ðə pɹəsɛʃən past.
LJ027-0159|It is well known, likewise comments Le Conte,|ɪt ɪz wɛl nəʊn, laɪkwaɪz kɒmɛnts lə kəntɛ,
LJ030-0044|Motorcycles. -- Next came four to six motorcycle policemen whose main purpose was to keep the crowd back.|məʊtəsaɪkəlz. nɛkst keɪm fɔː tə sɪks məʊtəsaɪkəl pəliːsmɛn huːz meɪn pɜːpəs wɒz tə kiːp ðə kɹaʊd bak.
LJ018-0089|Another case of long-continued successful forgery was brought to light two years after the convictions of Saward and his accomplices.|ɐnʌðə keɪs ɒv lɒŋkəntɪnjuːd səksɛsfəl fɔːdʒəɹi wɒz bɹɔːt tə laɪt tuː jiəz aftə ðə kənvɪkʃənz ɒv sawəd and hɪz ɐkɒmplɪsɪz.
LJ033-0040|Before dinner on November twenty-one, Oswald played on the lawn of the Paines home with his daughter June.|bɪfɔː dɪnəɹ ɒn nəʊvɛmbə twɛntiwɒn, ɒswəld pleɪd ɒnðə lɔːn ɒvðə peɪnz həʊm wɪð hɪz dɔːtə dʒjuːn.
LJ018-0130|and stole paper on a much larger scale than Brown.|and stəʊl peɪpəɹ ɒn ɐ mʌtʃ lɑːdʒə skeɪl ðɐn bɹaʊn.
LJ046-0169|If the field office determines that the case should be subject to continuing review, PRS establishes a file|ɪf ðə fiːld ɒfɪs dɪtɜːmɪnz ðatðə keɪs ʃʊd biː sʌbdʒɛkt tə kəntɪnjuːɪŋ ɹɪvjuː, piːɑːɹɛs ɪstablɪʃɪz ɐ faɪl
LJ044-0060|In view of the limited amount of public activity on Oswalds part before August nine, nineteen sixty-three,|ɪn vjuː ɒvðə lɪmɪtɪd ɐmaʊnt ɒv pʌblɪk aktɪvɪti ɒn ɒswəldz pɑːt bɪfɔːɹ ɔːɡəst naɪn, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː,
LJ016-0074|The success, although very short-lived, which attended him, no doubt inspired other inmates of Newgate to follow his example.|ðə səksɛs, ɒlðəʊ vɛɹɪ ʃɔːtlɪvd, wɪtʃ ɐtɛndɪd hɪm, nəʊ daʊt ɪnspaɪəd ʌðəɹ ɪnmeɪts ɒv njuːɡeɪt tə fɒləʊ hɪz ɛɡzampəl.
LJ015-0263|Scarcely had the conviction of these daring and astute thieves been assured, than another gigantic fraud was brought to light.|skeəsli hɐd ðə kənvɪkʃən ɒv ðiːz deəɹɪŋ and ɐstjuːt θiːvz biːn əʃjʊəd, ðɐn ɐnʌðə dʒaɪɡantɪk fɹɔːd wɒz bɹɔːt tə laɪt.
LJ044-0018|and was arrested because of a dispute with three anti-Castro Cuban exiles, and again on August sixteen, nineteen sixty-three.|and wɒz ɐɹɛstɪd bɪkʌz əvə dɪspjuːt wɪð θɹiː antikastɹəʊ kjuːbən ɛɡzaɪlz, and ɐɡɛn ɒn ɔːɡəst sɪkstiːn, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː.
LJ010-0290|The blow crushed the bonnet and bruised the forehead of the Queen, who was happily not otherwise injured.|ðə bləʊ kɹʌʃt ðə bɒnɪt and bɹuːzd ðə fɔːhɛd ɒvðə kwiːn, huː wɒz hapɪlɪ nɒt ʌðəwaɪz ɪndʒəd.
LJ032-0139|Day, on the other hand, believed that sufficient traces of the print had been left on the rifle barrel,|deɪ, ɒnðɪ ʌðə hand, bɪliːvd ðat səfɪʃənt tɹeɪsɪz ɒvðə pɹɪnt hɐdbɪn lɛft ɒnðə ɹaɪfəl baɹəl,
LJ014-0199|there was no case to make out, why waste money on lawyers for the defense? His demeanor was cool and collected throughout,|ðeəwɒz nəʊ keɪs tə meɪk aʊt, waɪ weɪst mʌnɪ ɒn lɔɪəz fəðə dɪfɛns? hɪz dɪmiːnə wɒz kuːl and kəlɛktɪd θɹuːaʊt,
LJ008-0247|but ever the same form moved along in the fulfillment of his mission, in spite of all persecution.|bʌt ɛvə ðə seɪm fɔːm muːvd ɐlɒŋ ɪnðə fʊlfɪlmənt ɒv hɪz mɪʃən, ɪn spaɪt ɒv ɔːl pɜːsɪkjuːʃən.
LJ009-0170|to fifty-six in eighteen thirty-nine.|tə fɪftisɪks ɪn eɪtiːn θɜːtinaɪn.
LJ009-0148|But the chaplain admitted that the solitude of the convicts cell|bʌt ðə tʃaplɪn ɐdmɪtɪd ðatðə sɒlɪtjuːd ɒvðə kɒnvɪkts sɛl
LJ016-0044|and was compelled to work along the railing round three-quarters of the square of the yard,|and wɒz kəmpɛld tə wɜːk ɐlɒŋ ðə ɹeɪlɪŋ ɹaʊnd θɹiːkwɔːtəz ɒvðə skweəɹ ɒvðə jɑːd,
LJ040-0055|The discussion below will describe the events known to the Commission which most clearly reveals the formation and nature of Oswalds character.|ðə dɪskʌʃən bɪləʊ wɪl dɪskɹaɪb ðɪ ɪvɛnts nəʊn tə ðə kəmɪʃən wɪtʃ məʊst kliəli ɹɪviːlz ðə fɔːmeɪʃən and neɪtʃəɹ ɒv ɒswəldz kaɹɪktə.
LJ019-0110|Field labor, he urged, and with reason, was a very suitable employment,|fiːld leɪbə, hiː ɜːdʒd, and wɪð ɹiːzən, wʌzɐ vɛɹɪ suːtəbəl ɛmplɔɪmənt,
LJ009-0015|I will quote an extract from the reverend gentlemans own journal.|aɪ wɪl kwəʊt ɐn ɛkstɹakt fɹʌmðə ɹɛvəɹɛnd dʒɛntəlmənz əʊn dʒɜːnəl.
LJ024-0029|There is general approval so far as the lower federal courts are concerned.|ðeəɹ ɪz dʒɛnəɹəl ɐpɹuːvəl səʊ fɑːɹ az ðə ləʊə fɛdəɹəl kɔːts ɑː kənsɜːnd.
LJ002-0012|After that they fell as steadily,|aftə ðat ðeɪ fɛl az stɛdɪlɪ,
LJ019-0022|On the other hand, it must be admitted|ɒnðɪ ʌðə hand, ɪt mʌst biː ɐdmɪtɪd
LJ029-0080|and had certain unattractive features, including a low ceiling with exposed conduits and beams.|and hɐd sɜːtən ʌnɐtɹaktɪv fiːtʃəz, ɪnkluːdɪŋ ɐ ləʊ siːlɪŋ wɪð ɛkspəʊzd kɒndjuːɪts and biːmz.
LJ039-0165|The target at two hundred sixty-five feet was placed to the right of the two hundred forty-foot target|ðə tɑːɡɪt at tuː hʌndɹəd sɪkstifaɪv fiːt wɒz pleɪst tə ðə ɹaɪt ɒvðə tuː hʌndɹəd fɔːtifʊt tɑːɡɪt
LJ015-0182|and thoroughly embodying the idea of English respectability.|and θʌɹəli ɛmbɒdɪɪŋ ðɪ aɪdiəɹ ɒv ɪŋɡlɪʃ ɹɪspɛktəbɪlɪti.
LJ007-0032|were jumbled up together, higgledy-piggledy, the old and the young, the murderer and the child who had broken into a dwelling.|wɜː dʒʌmbəld ʌp təɡɛðə, hɪɡəldipɪɡəldi, ðɪ əʊld and ðə jʌŋ, ðə mɜːdəɹə and ðə tʃaɪld huː hɐd bɹəʊkən ɪntʊ ɐ dwɛlɪŋ.
LJ037-0035|He testified that the picture of Oswald which he saw later on television bore a resemblance to the man who shot Officer Tippit.|hiː tɛstɪfaɪd ðatðə pɪktʃəɹ ɒv ɒswəld wɪtʃ hiː sɔː leɪtəɹ ɒn tɛlɪvɪʒən bɔːɹ ɐ ɹɪsɛmbləns tə ðə man huː ʃɒt ɒfɪsə tɪpɪt.
LJ045-0057|He specifically made that claim when his wife refused to come to live with him in Dallas as he asked her to do on the evening of November twenty-one,|hiː spəsɪfɪkli meɪd ðat kleɪm wɛn hɪz waɪf ɹɪfjuːzd tə kʌm tə lɪv wɪð hɪm ɪn daləs az hiː askt hɜː tə duː ɒnðɪ iːvnɪŋ ɒv nəʊvɛmbə twɛntiwɒn,
LJ011-0060|He wrote afterwards to the effect that the moment he had offered himself, an unknown assassin came to aim a blow at him.|hiː ɹəʊt aftəwədz tə ðɪ ɪfɛkt ðatðə məʊmənt hiː hɐd ɒfəd hɪmsɛlf, ɐn ʌnnəʊn ɐsasɪn keɪm tʊ eɪm ɐ bləʊ at hɪm.
LJ045-0201|Oswald had a highly exaggerated sense of his own importance, but he had failed at almost everything he had ever tried to do.|ɒswəld hɐd ɐ haɪli ɛɡzadʒəɹeɪtɪd sɛns ɒv hɪz əʊn ɪmpɔːtəns, bʌt hiː hɐd feɪld at ɔːlməʊst ɛvɹɪθɪŋ hiː hɐd ɛvə tɹaɪd tə duː.
LJ013-0144|one of the owners had met her at Deal, but the captain had already absconded with the packages of precious stones in his pocket.|wɒn ɒvðɪ əʊnəz hɐd mɛt hɜːɹ at diːl, bʌt ðə kaptɪn hɐd ɔːlɹɛdi ɐbskɒndɪd wɪððə pakɪdʒɪz ɒv pɹɛʃəs stəʊnz ɪn hɪz pɒkɪt.
LJ010-0199|Among his papers was found a curious document, purporting to be the rules of an association called|ɐmʌŋ hɪz peɪpəz wɒz faʊnd ɐ kjʊɹɪəs dɒkjuːmənt, pɜːpɔːtɪŋ təbi ðə ɹuːlz əvən ɐsəʊsɪeɪʃən kɔːld
LJ009-0019|that this resolution was in consequence of their the aldermens disapproving of the last discourse delivered by me,|ðat ðɪs ɹɛzəluːʃən wɒz ɪn kɒnsɪkwəns ɒv ðeə ðɪ ɔːldəmɛnz dɪsɐpɹuːvɪŋ ɒvðə last dɪskɔːs dɪlɪvəd baɪ miː,
LJ013-0263|He was recognized by an ex-policeman who had known him at Roehampton, and immediately arrested.|hiː wɒz ɹɛkəɡnaɪzd baɪ ɐn ɛkspəliːsmən huː hɐd nəʊn hɪm at ɹəʊhamptən, and ɪmiːdɪətli ɐɹɛstɪd.
LJ015-0145|Now he launched out into great expenditure, took a house in Chester Terrace, and became known as a Maecenas and patron of the arts.|naʊ hiː lɔːntʃt aʊt ɪntʊ ɡɹeɪt ɛkspɛndɪtʃə, tʊk ɐ haʊs ɪn tʃɛstə tɛɹɪs, and bɪkeɪm nəʊn az ɐ miːsiːnəz and peɪtɹən ɒvðɪ ɑːts.
LJ039-0103|Oswald, like all Marine recruits, received training on the rifle range at distances up to five hundred yards,|ɒswəld, laɪk ɔːl məɹiːn ɹɪkɹuːts, ɹɪsiːvd tɹeɪnɪŋ ɒnðə ɹaɪfəl ɹeɪndʒ at dɪstənsɪz ʌp tə faɪv hʌndɹəd jɑːdz,
LJ011-0095|He had prospered in early life, was a slop-seller on a large scale at Bury St Edmunds, and a sugar-baker in the metropolis.|hiː hɐd pɹɒspəd ɪn ɜːlɪ laɪf, wʌzɐ slɒpsɛləɹ ɒn ɐ lɑːdʒ skeɪl at bɛɹi sənt ɛdmʌndz, and ɐ ʃʊɡəbeɪkəɹ ɪnðə mətɹɒpəlɪs.
LJ010-0168|after which he devoted himself to pistol practice in shooting-galleries, sometimes in Leicester Square,|aftə wɪtʃ hiː dɪvəʊtɪd hɪmsɛlf tə pɪstəl pɹaktɪs ɪn ʃuːtɪŋɡaləɹiz, sʌmtaɪmz ɪn lɛstə skweə,
LJ046-0249|about persons other than those who were obvious threats to the President.|ɐbaʊt pɜːsənz ʌðə ðɐn ðəʊz huː wɜːɹ ɒbvɪəs θɹɛts tə ðə pɹɛzɪdənt.
LJ048-0205|They had, however, occasionally observed the windows of buildings in the area before the motorcade arrived, in accordance with their own understanding of their function.|ðeɪ had, haʊɛvə, əkeɪʒənəli ɒbzɜːvd ðə wɪndəʊz ɒv bɪldɪŋz ɪnðɪ eəɹiə bɪfɔː ðə məʊtəkeɪd ɐɹaɪvd, ɪn ɐkɔːdəns wɪð ðeəɹ əʊn ʌndəstandɪŋ ɒv ðeə fʌŋkʃən.
LJ003-0265|the thieves and burglars who carried on the active business of their profession, from which their confederates were temporarily debarred.|ðə θiːvz and bɜːɡləz huː kaɹɪd ɒnðɪ aktɪv bɪznəs ɒv ðeə pɹəfɛʃən, fɹʌm wɪtʃ ðeə kənfɛdəɹəts wɜː tɛmpəɹɛɹəlɪ dɪbɑːd.
LJ015-0306|and the whole scheme of systematic forgery was laid bare.|and ðə həʊl skiːm ɒv sɪstəmatɪk fɔːdʒəɹi wɒz leɪd beə.
LJ023-0084|When the Congress has sought to stabilize national agriculture, to improve the conditions of labor,|wɛn ðə kɒŋɡɹɛs hɐz sɔːt tə steɪbɪlaɪz naʃənəl aɡɹɪkʌltʃə, tʊ ɪmpɹuːv ðə kəndɪʃənz ɒv leɪbə,
LJ017-0249|The boats reached the shore on the fourth October. Leon had prepared a plausible tale to the effect that they belonged to an American ship|ðə bəʊts ɹiːtʃt ðə ʃɔːɹ ɒnðə fɔːθ ɒktəʊbə. liːɒn hɐd pɹɪpeəd ɐ plɔːzəbəl teɪl tə ðɪ ɪfɛkt ðat ðeɪ bɪlɒŋd tʊ ɐn ɐmɛɹɪkən ʃɪp
LJ015-0281|Sawards method of negotiating the cheques was equally well planned.|sawədz mɛθəd ɒv nɪɡəʊʃɪeɪtɪŋ ðə tʃɛkz wɒz iːkwəli wɛl pland.
LJ049-0224|and services related to the security of the President.|and sɜːvɪsɪz ɹɪleɪtɪd tə ðə sɪkjʊəɹɪti ɒvðə pɹɛzɪdənt.
LJ003-0067|in the then existing state of the law,|ɪnðə ðɛn ɛɡzɪstɪŋ steɪt ɒvðə lɔː,
LJ043-0032|After about a two-week separation, Marina Oswald returned to her husband.|aftəɹ ɐbaʊt ɐ tuːwiːk sɛpəɹeɪʃən, məɹiːnəɹ ɒswəld ɹɪtɜːnd tə hɜː hʌsbənd.
LJ041-0045|he was nevertheless unable to convince the proper authorities that he was really seventeen years old.|hiː wɒz nɛvəðəlɛs ʌneɪbəl tə kənvɪns ðə pɹɒpəɹ ɐθɒɹɪtiz ðat hiː wɒz ɹiəlɪ sɛvəntiːn jiəz əʊld.
LJ022-0139|with which we have been concerned for two years.|wɪð wɪtʃ wiː hɐvbɪn kənsɜːnd fɔː tuː jiəz.
LJ031-0207|The Secret Service established a communication system with the White House and screened all telephone calls and visitors.|ðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs ɪstablɪʃt ɐ kəmjuːnɪkeɪʃən sɪstəm wɪððə waɪt haʊs and skɹiːnd ɔːl tɛlɪfəʊn kɔːlz and vɪzɪtəz.
LJ005-0061|but it offered suggestions for future buildings, with numerous carefully-executed drawings and designs of the model it recommended for imitation.|bʌt ɪt ɒfəd sədʒɛstʃənz fɔː fjuːtʃə bɪldɪŋz, wɪð njuːməɹəs keəfəlɪɛksɪkjuːtɪd dɹɔːɪŋz and dɪzaɪnz ɒvðə mɒdəl ɪt ɹɛkəmɛndɪd fɔːɹ ɪmɪteɪʃən.
LJ013-0009|This was the willful shipwreck and casting away of a vessel which, with her supposed cargo, had been heavily insured.|ðɪs wʌzðə wɪlfəl ʃɪpɹɛk and kastɪŋ ɐweɪ əvə vɛsəl wɪtʃ, wɪð hɜː sʌpəʊzd kɑːɡəʊ, hɐdbɪn hɛvilɪ ɪnʃʊəd.
LJ018-0375|The Lennies men were all Greeks, except one known as French Peter,|ðə lɛnɪz mɛn wɜːɹ ɔːl ɡɹiːks, ɛksɛpt wɒn nəʊn az fɹɛntʃ piːtə,
LJ003-0286|The report of the Committee of the House of Commons painted so black a picture of Newgate as then conducted, that the Corporation were roused in very shame|ðə ɹɪpɔːt ɒvðə kəmɪti ɒvðə haʊs ɒv kɒmənz peɪntɪd səʊ blak ɐ pɪktʃəɹ ɒv njuːɡeɪt az ðɛn kəndʌktɪd, ðatðə kɔːpəɹeɪʃən wɜː ɹaʊzd ɪn vɛɹɪ ʃeɪm
LJ038-0205|She thought he was attending a class or was on his own business.|ʃiː θɔːt hiː wɒz ɐtɛndɪŋ ɐ klas ɔː wɒz ɒn hɪz əʊn bɪznəs.
LJ006-0006|I shall now return to the great jail of the city of London, and give a more detailed account of its condition and inner life|aɪʃɐl naʊ ɹɪtɜːn tə ðə ɡɹeɪt dʒeɪl ɒvðə sɪti ɒv lʌndən, and ɡɪv ɐ mɔː diːteɪld ɐkaʊnt ɒv ɪts kəndɪʃən and ɪnə laɪf
LJ018-0152|With her assistance on a certain day a couple of bricks were taken out of the wall dividing her front and back parlors,|wɪð hɜːɹ ɐsɪstəns ɒn ɐ sɜːtən deɪ ɐ kʌpəl ɒv bɹɪks wɜː teɪkən aʊtəv ðə wɔːl dɪvaɪdɪŋ hɜː fɹʌnt and bak pɑːləz,
LJ029-0105|The route was further reviewed by Lawson and Sorrels with Assistant Chief Batchelor and members of the local host committee on November fifteen.|ðə ɹuːt wɒz fɜːðə ɹɪvjuːd baɪ lɔːsən and sɒɹəlz wɪð ɐsɪstənt tʃiːf batʃɛlə and mɛmbəz ɒvðə ləʊkəl həʊst kəmɪti ɒn nəʊvɛmbə fɪftiːn.
LJ024-0142|I seek to make American democracy succeed.|aɪ siːk tə meɪk ɐmɛɹɪkən dɪmɒkɹəsi səksiːd.
LJ011-0032|declared that they had hitherto formed a high opinion of his honor, integrity, and goodness of disposition,|dɪkleəd ðat ðeɪ hɐd hɪðətuː fɔːmd ɐ haɪ əpɪniən ɒv hɪz ɒnə, ɪntɛɡɹɪti, and ɡʊdnəs ɒv dɪspəzɪʃən,
LJ019-0356|But the act was not limited to permissive legislation. Its provisions and enactments were backed up by certain penalties.|bʌt ðɪ akt wɒz nɒt lɪmɪtɪd tə pəmɪsɪv lɛdʒɪsleɪʃən. ɪts pɹəvɪʒənz and ɛnaktmənts wɜː bakt ʌp baɪ sɜːtən pɛnəltɪz.
LJ027-0074|Sometimes a piece is enlarged, sometimes diminished, or even becomes obsolete, sometimes several pieces are consolidated into one,|sʌmtaɪmz ɐ piːs ɪz ɛnlɑːdʒd, sʌmtaɪmz dɪmɪnɪʃt, ɔːɹ iːvən bɪkʌmz ɒbsəliːt, sʌmtaɪmz sɛvɹəl piːsɪz ɑː kənsɒlɪdeɪtɪd ɪntʊ wɒn,
LJ035-0025|I am a building manager. Follow me, officer, and I will show you, end quote.|aɪɐm ɐ bɪldɪŋ manɪdʒə. fɒləʊ miː, ɒfɪsə, and aɪ wɪl ʃəʊ juː, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ031-0086|the President remained on his back throughout his medical treatment at Parkland.|ðə pɹɛzɪdənt ɹɪmeɪnd ɒn hɪz bak θɹuːaʊt hɪz mɛdɪkəl tɹiːtmənt at pɑːklənd.
LJ042-0096|old exchange rate in addition to his factory salary of approximately equal amount|əʊld ɛkstʃeɪndʒ ɹeɪt ɪn ɐdɪʃən tə hɪz faktəɹi saləɹi ɒv ɐpɹɒksɪmətli iːkwəl ɐmaʊnt
LJ013-0191|All this was evidence sufficient to warrant Courvoisiers committal for trial,|ɔːl ðɪs wɒz ɛvɪdəns səfɪʃənt tə wɒɹənt kɜːvɔɪsiəz kəmɪtəl fɔː tɹaɪəl,
LJ031-0070|Dr Clark, who most closely observed the head wound,|dɒktə klɑːk, huː məʊst kləʊslɪ ɒbzɜːvd ðə hɛd wuːnd,
LJ026-0016|They ingest solid proteinaceous food,|ðeɪ ɪndʒɛst sɒlɪd pɹəʊtɪneɪʃəs fuːd,
LJ016-0128|He now put in requisition the rope made of the sheets, and with its help lowered himself into the street.|hiː naʊ pʊt ɪn ɹɛkwɪsɪʃən ðə ɹəʊp meɪd ɒvðə ʃiːts, and wɪð ɪts hɛlp ləʊəd hɪmsɛlf ɪntʊ ðə stɹiːt.
LJ049-0099|A number of bills were introduced immediately following the assassination of President Kennedy.|ɐ nʌmbəɹ ɒv bɪlz wɜːɹ ɪntɹədjuːst ɪmiːdɪətli fɒləʊɪŋ ðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən ɒv pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi.
LJ030-0003|Visits to Other Texas Cities|vɪzɪts tʊ ʌðə tɛksəs sɪtiz
LJ018-0028|who had been a lodger of his. Müller had given the cabmans little daughter a jewelers cardboard box bearing the name of Mr Death.|huː hɐdbɪn ɐ lɒdʒəɹ ɒv hɪz. muːlə hɐd ɡɪvən ðə kabmənz lɪtəl dɔːtəɹ ɐ dʒuːələz kɑːdbɔːd bɒks beəɹɪŋ ðə neɪm ɒv mɪstə dɛθ.
LJ017-0012|The well-known and lethal aqua Toffania,|ðə wɛlnəʊn and liːθəl akwə təfeɪniə,
LJ019-0282|Their origin it will be seen dates back much further than that.|ðeəɹ ɒɹɪdʒɪn ɪt wɪl biː siːn deɪts bak mʌtʃ fɜːðə ðɐn ðat.
LJ017-0116|and even sought to upset the vehicle by which they were being conveyed a part of the way to London.|and iːvən sɔːt tʊ ʌpsɛt ðə viəkəl baɪ wɪtʃ ðeɪ wɜː biːɪŋ kənveɪd ɐ pɑːt ɒvðə weɪ tə lʌndən.
LJ015-0274|His method was comprehensive and deeply laid.|hɪz mɛθəd wɒz kɒmpɹɪhɛnsɪv and diːpli leɪd.
LJ017-0120|He had already been arrested on a writ issued at the instance of the money-lenders, and an action had been commenced against Mrs Palmer on her acceptances.|hiː hɐd ɔːlɹɛdi biːn ɐɹɛstɪd ɒn ɐ ɹɪt ɪʃuːd at ðɪ ɪnstəns ɒvðə mʌnɪlɛndəz, and ɐn akʃən hɐdbɪn kəmɛnst ɐɡɛnst mɪsɪz pɑːməɹ ɒn hɜːɹ ɐksɛptənsɪz.
LJ028-0296|thou coverest the foulest deeds with the fairest possible name, when thou sayest thy maiming is to help our siege forward.|ðaʊ kʌvəɹəst ðə faʊləst diːdz wɪððə feəɹəst pɒsəbəl neɪm, wɛn ðaʊ seɪəst ðaɪ meɪmɪŋ ɪz tə hɛlp aʊə siːdʒ fɔːwəd.
LJ048-0145|and no written description of the role the local police were expected to perform.|and nəʊ ɹɪtən dɪskɹɪpʃən ɒvðə ɹəʊl ðə ləʊkəl pəliːs wɜːɹ ɛkspɛktɪd tə pəfɔːm.
LJ035-0045|Baker said, quote, He Truly had already started around the bend to come to the next elevator going up,|beɪkə sɛd, kwəʊt, hiː tɹuːli hɐd ɔːlɹɛdi stɑːtɪd ɐɹaʊnd ðə bɛnd tə kʌm tə ðə nɛkst ɛlɪveɪtə ɡəʊɪŋ ʌp,
LJ044-0178|he stated his desire that he should be accepted as a friend of the Cuban Revolution.|hiː steɪtɪd hɪz dɪzaɪə ðat hiː ʃʊd biː ɐksɛptɪd az ɐ fɹɛnd ɒvðə kjuːbən ɹɛvəluːʃən.
LJ032-0102|According to her testimony, he compelled her to write the name Hidell on membership cards in the space designated for the signature of the Chapter President.|ɐkɔːdɪŋ tə hɜː tɛstɪmənɪ, hiː kəmpɛld hɜː tə ɹaɪt ðə neɪm haɪdəl ɒn mɛmbəʃɪp kɑːdz ɪnðə speɪs dɛzɪɡneɪtɪd fəðə sɪɡnɪtʃəɹ ɒvðə tʃaptə pɹɛzɪdənt.
LJ027-0155|Now I do not deny that this view is a possible view, but I do deny that it is a probable one.|naʊ aɪ duːnɒt dɪnaɪ ðat ðɪs vjuː ɪz ɐ pɒsəbəl vjuː, bʌt aɪ duː dɪnaɪ ðɐtɪt ɪz ɐ pɹɒbəbəl wɒn.
LJ019-0015|The first stone of Pentonville prison was laid on the tenth April, eighteen forty, by the Marquis of Normanby,|ðə fɜːst stəʊn ɒv pɛntənvɪl pɹɪzən wɒz leɪd ɒnðə tɛnθ eɪpɹəl, eɪtiːn fɔːti, baɪ ðə mɑːrkiː ɒv nɔːmanbi,
LJ016-0390|and was arrested on board ship just as he was about to leave the country, had a little spare cash, which he devoted entirely to the purchase of extra food.|and wɒz ɐɹɛstɪd ɒn bɔːd ʃɪp dʒʌst az hiː wɒz ɐbaʊt tə liːv ðə kʌntɹi, hɐd ɐ lɪtəl speə kaʃ, wɪtʃ hiː dɪvəʊtɪd ɛntaɪəli tə ðə pɜːtʃɪs ɒv ɛkstɹə fuːd.
LJ037-0147|It was the unanimous and unequivocal testimony of expert witnesses before the Commission that these used cartridge cases were fired from the revolver|ɪt wʌzðə juːnanɪməs and ʌnɪkwɪvəkəl tɛstɪmənɪ ɒv ɛkspɜːt wɪtnəsɪz bɪfɔː ðə kəmɪʃən ðat ðiːz juːzd kɑːtɹɪdʒ keɪsɪz wɜː faɪəd fɹʌmðə ɹɪvɒlvə
LJ004-0073|to see that no circumstances of severity are found in his treatment which are not found in his sentence.|tə siː ðat nəʊ sɜːkəmstansɪz ɒv səvɛɹɪti ɑː faʊnd ɪn hɪz tɹiːtmənt wɪtʃ ɑː nɒt faʊnd ɪn hɪz sɛntəns.
LJ025-0122|The contractility which is the fundamental condition of locomotion, continues Huxley,|ðə kɒntɹɐktɪlɪti wɪtʃ ɪz ðə fʌndəmɛntəl kəndɪʃən ɒv ləʊkəməʊʃən, kəntɪnjuːz hʌkslɪ,
LJ010-0037|Now and again there seemed to be a recurrence of a murder epidemic,|naʊ and ɐɡɛn ðeə siːmd təbi ɐ ɹɪkʌɹəns əvə mɜːdəɹ ɛpɪdɛmɪk,
LJ019-0366|It was necessary, for instance, to give due notice when the government grant was to be withdrawn,|ɪt wɒz nɛsəsəɹi, fɔːɹ ɪnstəns, tə ɡɪv djuː nəʊtɪs wɛn ðə ɡʌvənmənt ɡɹant wɒz təbi wɪðdɹɔːn,
LJ031-0141|It was decided that the Vice President should return on the Presidential plane rather than on the Vice-Presidential plane because it had better communication equipment.|ɪt wɒz dɪsaɪdɪd ðatðə vaɪs pɹɛzɪdənt ʃʊd ɹɪtɜːn ɒnðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl pleɪn ɹɑːðə ðɐn ɒnðə vaɪspɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl pleɪn bɪkʌz ɪt hɐd bɛtə kəmjuːnɪkeɪʃən ɪkwɪpmənt.
LJ042-0043|Ask me and I will tell you I fight for communism.|ask miː and aɪ wɪl tɛl juː aɪ faɪt fɔː kɒmjuːnɪzəm.
LJ042-0130|Shortly thereafter, less than eighteen months after his defection, about six weeks before he met Marina Prusakova,|ʃɔːtli ðeəɹaftə, lɛs ðɐn eɪtiːn mʌnθs aftə hɪz dɪfɛkʃən, ɐbaʊt sɪks wiːks bɪfɔː hiː mɛt məɹiːnə pɹuːsɐkəʊvə,
LJ009-0161|capital punishment was abolished for forgery, except in cases of forging or altering wills or powers of attorney to transfer stock.|kapɪtəl pʌnɪʃmənt wɒz ɐbɒlɪʃt fɔː fɔːdʒəɹi, ɛksɛpt ɪn keɪsɪz ɒv fɔːdʒɪŋ ɔːɹ ɒltəɹɪŋ wɪlz ɔː paʊəz ɒv ɐtɜːni tə tɹansfɜː stɒk.
LJ025-0108|Thus, by the progress of knowledge, Cuviers fourth distinction between the animal and the plant|ðʌs, baɪ ðə pɹəʊɡɹɛs ɒv nɒlɪdʒ, kjuːviəz fɔːθ dɪstɪŋkʃən bɪtwiːn ðɪ anɪməl and ðə plant
LJ050-0154|to plan and develop a workable and efficient automated file and retrieval system, end quote.|tə plan and dɪvɛləp ɐ wɜːkəbəl and ɪfɪʃənt ɔːtəmeɪtɪd faɪl and ɹɪtɹiːvəl sɪstəm, ɛnd kwəʊt.
LJ023-0060|and the powers given to the Congress to carry out those purposes can be best described by saying|and ðə paʊəz ɡɪvən tə ðə kɒŋɡɹɛs tə kaɹi aʊt ðəʊz pɜːpəsɪz kan biː bɛst dɪskɹaɪbd baɪ seɪɪŋ
LJ011-0106|Hunton accepted his sentence with great resignation, although he protested against the inhumanity of the laws which condemned him to death.|hʌntən ɐksɛptɪd hɪz sɛntəns wɪð ɡɹeɪt ɹɪzɪɡneɪʃən, ɒlðəʊ hiː pɹətɛstɪd ɐɡɛnst ðɪ ɪnhjuːmanɪti ɒvðə lɔːz wɪtʃ kəndɛmd hɪm tə dɛθ.
LJ021-0064|not only to labor in the form of new jobs, in relief from overwork and in relief from underpay,|nɒt əʊnli tə leɪbəɹ ɪnðə fɔːm ɒv njuː dʒɒbz, ɪn ɹɪliːf fɹɒm əʊvəwɜːk and ɪn ɹɪliːf fɹɒm ʌndəpeɪ,
LJ037-0157|taken from Oswald.|teɪkən fɹɒm ɒswəld.
LJ040-0221|Carro was the only one of Oswalds three principal observers who recommended that he be placed in a boys home or similar institution.|kaɹəʊ wʌzðɪ əʊnli wɒn ɒv ɒswəldz θɹiː pɹɪnsɪpəl ɒbzɜːvəz huː ɹɛkəmɛndɪd ðat hiː biː pleɪst ɪn ɐ bɔɪz həʊm ɔː sɪmɪləɹ ɪnstɪtjuːʃən.
LJ028-0039|We know the names of its kings, and the records speak of long wars with the Assyrians.|wiː nəʊ ðə neɪmz ɒv ɪts kɪŋz, and ðə ɹɛkɔːdz spiːk ɒv lɒŋ wɔːz wɪððɪ ɐsɪɹiənz.
LJ037-0027|Benavides stopped and waited in the truck until the gunman ran to the corner.|bɛnɐvaɪdz stɒpt and weɪtɪd ɪnðə tɹʌk ʌntɪl ðə ɡʌnmən ɹan tə ðə kɔːnə.
LJ039-0082|this is the ideal type of weapon for moving targets|ðɪs ɪz ðɪ aɪdiəl taɪp ɒv wɛpən fɔː muːvɪŋ tɑːɡɪts
LJ015-0229|who quickly took the wax impression, handed it back to Pierce, Pierce replaced it, left the office, and the thing was done.|huː kwɪkli tʊk ðə waks ɪmpɹɛʃən, handɪd ɪt bak tə piəs, piəs ɹɪpleɪst ɪt, lɛft ðɪ ɒfɪs, and ðə θɪŋ wɒz dʌn.
LJ008-0303|The crowd of men and women who passed the night in front of Newgate, began, as soon as the hour was passed when they had expected the report,|ðə kɹaʊd ɒv mɛn and wɪmɪn huː past ðə naɪt ɪn fɹʌnt ɒv njuːɡeɪt, bɪɡan, az suːn az ðɪ aʊə wɒz past wɛn ðeɪ hɐd ɛkspɛktɪd ðə ɹɪpɔːt,
LJ007-0142|But at Newgate the convicted prisoner, instead of privation and hard fare,|bʌt at njuːɡeɪt ðə kənvɪktɪd pɹɪzənə, ɪnstɛd ɒv pɹaɪveɪʃən and hɑːd feə,
LJ012-0108|There was a hunt for the two well-known house-breakers, who were eventually heard of at a lodging in Kennington.|ðeəwɒz ɐ hʌnt fəðə tuː wɛlnəʊn haʊsbɹeɪkəz, huː wɜːɹ ɪvɛntʃuːəli hɜːd ɒv atə lɒdʒɪŋ ɪn kɛnɪŋtən.
LJ034-0031|The box on the floor, behind the three near the window,|ðə bɒks ɒnðə flɔː, bɪhaɪnd ðə θɹiː niə ðə wɪndəʊ,
LJ038-0220|Oswald had paid the first months rent in advance on March two, nineteen sixty-three,|ɒswəld hɐd peɪd ðə fɜːst mʌnθs ɹɛnt ɪn ɐdvans ɒn mɑːtʃ tuː, naɪntiːn sɪkstiθɹiː,
LJ012-0064|Ikey left no traces, and the police could hear nothing of him. He had in fact gone out of the country, to Copenhagen, whence he passed on to New York.|aɪki lɛft nəʊ tɹeɪsɪz, and ðə pəliːs kʊd hiə nʌθɪŋ ɒv hɪm. hiː hɐd ɪn fakt ɡɒn aʊtəv ðə kʌntɹi, tə kəʊpənheɪɡən, wɛns hiː past ɒn tə njuː jɔːk.
LJ030-0066|Driving the Presidential limousine was Special Agent William R. Greer of the Secret Service,|dɹaɪvɪŋ ðə pɹɛzɪdɛnʃəl lɪməziːn wɒz spɛʃəl eɪdʒənt wɪliəm ɑː. ɡɹiəɹ ɒvðə siːkɹət sɜːvɪs,
LJ044-0211|The Militant also reflected a critical attitude toward President Kennedys attempts to reduce tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union.|ðə mɪlɪtənt ɒlsəʊ ɹɪflɛktɪd ɐ kɹɪtɪkəl atɪtjuːd tʊwɔːd pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədɪz ɐtɛmpts tə ɹɪdjuːs tɛnʃənz bɪtwiːn ðə juːnaɪtɪd steɪts and ðə səʊviət juːniən.
LJ034-0014|These two small cartons had been moved from a stack about three aisles away.|ðiːz tuː smɔːl kɑːtənz hɐdbɪn muːvd fɹɒm ɐ stak ɐbaʊt θɹiː aɪəlz ɐweɪ.
LJ015-0279|One stroke of luck which he turned to great account|wɒn stɹəʊk ɒv lʌk wɪtʃ hiː tɜːnd tə ɡɹeɪt ɐkaʊnt
LJ001-0006|And it is worth mention in passing that, as an example of fine typography,|and ɪt ɪz wɜːθ mɛnʃən ɪn pasɪŋ ðat, az ɐn ɛɡzampəl ɒv faɪn taɪpɒɡɹəfi,
LJ050-0128|Much useful information will come to the attention of local law enforcement agencies in the regular course of their activities,|mʌtʃ juːsfəl ɪnfəmeɪʃən wɪl kʌm tə ðɪ ɐtɛnʃən ɒv ləʊkəl lɔː ɛnfɔːsmənt eɪdʒənsiz ɪnðə ɹɛɡjuːlə kɔːs ɒv ðeəɹ aktɪvɪtiz,
LJ042-0046|This should answer your question, and also give you a glimpse of my way of thinking. So you speak of advantages. Do you think that is why I am here?|ðɪs ʃʊd ansə jɔː kwɛstʃən, and ɒlsəʊ ɡɪv juː ɐ ɡlɪmps ɒv maɪ weɪ ɒv θɪŋkɪŋ. səʊ juː spiːk ɒv ɐdvantɪdʒɪz. duː juː θɪŋk ðat ɪz waɪ aɪɐm hiə?
LJ025-0173|The watery solution, in which its roots are plunged, contains nitrogen but no carbon,|ðə wɔːtəɹi səluːʃən, ɪn wɪtʃ ɪts ɹuːts ɑː plʌndʒd, kənteɪnz naɪtɹədʒən bʌt nəʊ kɑːbən,
LJ050-0019|This report has already pointed out several respects|ðɪs ɹɪpɔːt hɐz ɔːlɹɛdi pɔɪntɪd aʊt sɛvɹəl ɹɪspɛkts
LJ016-0181|Calcraft was born at Baddow, in Essex, in eighteen hundred,|kalkɹaft wɒz bɔːn at badəʊ, ɪn ɛsɪks, ɪn eɪtiːn hʌndɹəd,
LJ044-0133|He had not found another job. His wife was expecting their second child in October and there was concern about the cost which would be involved.|hiː hɐd nɒt faʊnd ɐnʌðə dʒɒb. hɪz waɪf wɒz ɛkspɛktɪŋ ðeə sɛkənd tʃaɪld ɪn ɒktəʊbə and ðeəwɒz kənsɜːn ɐbaʊt ðə kɒst wɪtʃ wʊd biː ɪnvɒlvd.
LJ002-0302|and so were unable either to warm themselves or to cook their food.|and səʊ wɜːɹ ʌneɪbəl aɪðə tə wɔːm ðɛmsɛlvz ɔː tə kʊk ðeə fuːd.
LJ049-0116|of such persons as have been constitutionally and lawfully provided to succeed thereto in case of a vacancy. It is important to this country|ɒv sʌtʃ pɜːsənz az hɐvbɪn kɒnstɪtjuːʃənəli and lɔːfəlɪ pɹəvaɪdɪd tə səksiːd ðeətuː ɪn keɪs əvə veɪkənsi. ɪt ɪz ɪmpɔːtənt tə ðɪs kʌntɹi
LJ007-0227|The inspectors were not to be deterred, however, by any opposition from the earnest discharge of their functions, and continued to report against Newgate.|ðɪ ɪnspɛktəz wɜː nɒt təbi dɪtɜːd, haʊɛvə, baɪ ɛni ɒpəzɪʃən fɹʌmðɪ ɜːnəst dɪstʃɑːdʒ ɒv ðeə fʌŋkʃənz, and kəntɪnjuːd tə ɹɪpɔːt ɐɡɛnst njuːɡeɪt.
LJ036-0204|According to Chief Curry, Tippit was free to patrol the central Oak Cliff area.|ɐkɔːdɪŋ tə tʃiːf kʌɹi, tɪpɪt wɒz fɹiː tə pɐtɹəʊl ðə sɛntɹəl əʊk klɪf eəɹiə.
LJ013-0253|with a son of Goods by a former wife. Another wife, real or fictitious, existed in Spitalfields,|wɪð ɐ sʌn ɒv ɡʊdz baɪ ɐ fɔːmə waɪf. ɐnʌðə waɪf, ɹiəl ɔː fɪktɪʃəs, ɛɡzɪstɪd ɪn spɪtɐlfiːldz,
LJ011-0280|Mr Gee at first stoutly refused.|mɪstə dʒiː at fɜːst staʊtli ɹɪfjuːzd.
LJ012-0256|and there was now evidence sufficient to establish conclusively that the woman thus collected piecemeal had been barbarously done to death.|and ðeəwɒz naʊ ɛvɪdəns səfɪʃənt tʊ ɪstablɪʃ kənkluːsɪvli ðatðə wʊmən ðʌs kəlɛktɪd piːsmiːl hɐdbɪn bɑːbɐɹəsli dʌn tə dɛθ.
LJ043-0164|and his role would have been made clear by the evidence which he had left behind.|and hɪz ɹəʊl wʊdhɐv biːn meɪd kliə baɪ ðɪ ɛvɪdəns wɪtʃ hiː hɐd lɛft bɪhaɪnd.
LJ018-0357|Poisoning has still its victims.|pɔɪzənɪŋ hɐz stɪl ɪts vɪktɪmz.
LJ014-0224|As Dwyer survived, Cannon escaped the death sentence, which was commuted to penal servitude for life.|az dwaɪə səvaɪvd, kanən ɛskeɪpt ðə dɛθ sɛntəns, wɪtʃ wɒz kəmjuːtɪd tə piːnəl sɜːvɪtjuːd fɔː laɪf.
LJ005-0184|so as to corrupt those committed, to the injury of the peace and morals of the public.|səʊ az tə kəɹʌpt ðəʊz kəmɪtɪd, tə ðɪ ɪndʒəɹi ɒvðə piːs and mɒɹəlz ɒvðə pʌblɪk.
LJ049-0081|There was no Federal criminal jurisdiction over the assassination of President Kennedy.|ðeəwɒz nəʊ fɛdəɹəl kɹɪmɪnəl dʒʊəɹɪsdɪkʃən əʊvə ðɪ ɐsasɪneɪʃən ɒv pɹɛzɪdənt kɛnədi.
LJ012-0239|The execution took place a week or two later, in the presence of such a crowd as had not been seen near Newgate for years.|ðɪ ɛksɪkjuːʃən tʊk pleɪs ɐ wiːk ɔː tuː leɪtə, ɪnðə pɹɛzəns ɒv sʌtʃ ɐ kɹaʊd az hɐd nɒt biːn siːn niə njuːɡeɪt fɔː jiəz.
LJ006-0083|So great is the authority exercised by him,|səʊ ɡɹeɪt ɪz ðɪ ɐθɒɹɪti ɛksəsaɪzd baɪ hɪm,
LJ033-0010|the presence of a long handmade brown paper bag near the point from which the shots were fired, and five the palmprint,|ðə pɹɛzəns əvə lɒŋ handmeɪd bɹaʊn peɪpə baɡ niə ðə pɔɪnt fɹʌm wɪtʃ ðə ʃɒts wɜː faɪəd, and faɪv ðə pɑːmpɹɪnt,
LJ037-0169|He declared that this bullet was fired from the same weapon that fired the test bullets to the exclusion of all other weapons.|hiː dɪkleəd ðat ðɪs bʊlɪt wɒz faɪəd fɹʌmðə seɪm wɛpən ðat faɪəd ðə tɛst bʊlɪts tə ðɪ ɛkskluːʒən ɒv ɔːl ʌðə wɛpənz.
LJ009-0146|Mr Carver, the ordinary, appears to have addressed himself directly to Courvoisier,|mɪstə kɑːvə, ðɪ ɔːdɪnəɹi, ɐpiəz tə hav ɐdɹɛst hɪmsɛlf daɪɹɛktli tə kɜːvɔɪzɪə,
LJ035-0205|and no one could be found who saw Oswald anywhere else in the building until after the shooting.|and nəʊwɒn kʊd biː faʊnd huː sɔː ɒswəld ɛnɪweəɹ ɛls ɪnðə bɪldɪŋ ʌntɪl aftə ðə ʃuːtɪŋ.
LJ033-0198|Despite these matches, however, Stombaugh was unable to render on opinion that the fibers which he found in the bag had probably come from the blanket,|dɪspaɪt ðiːz matʃɪz, haʊɛvə, stɒmbɔː wɒz ʌneɪbəl tə ɹɛndəɹ ɒn əpɪniən ðatðə faɪbəz wɪtʃ hiː faʊnd ɪnðə baɡ hɐd pɹɒbəbli kʌm fɹʌmðə blaŋkɪt,
LJ026-0107|Dissolved in water, the sugar is transported down delicate tubes, chiefly in the growing bark region of the stem.|dɪsɒlvd ɪn wɔːtə, ðə ʃʊɡəɹ ɪz tɹanspɔːtɪd daʊn dɛlɪkət tjuːbz, tʃiːfli ɪnðə ɡɹəʊɪŋ bɑːk ɹiːdʒən ɒvðə stɛm.
LJ007-0036|one man declared that the language of the condemned rooms was disgusting, that he was dying a death every day in being compelled to associate with such characters.|wɒn man dɪkleəd ðatðə laŋɡwɪdʒ ɒvðə kəndɛmd ɹuːmz wɒz dɪsɡʌstɪŋ, ðat hiː wɒz daɪɪŋ ɐ dɛθ ɛvɹɪ deɪ ɪn biːɪŋ kəmpɛld tʊ ɐsəʊsɪeɪt wɪð sʌtʃ kaɹɪktəz.
LJ013-0003|They not only became more numerous, but they were on a wider scale.|ðeɪ nɒt əʊnli bɪkeɪm mɔː njuːməɹəs, bʌt ðeɪ wɜːɹ ɒn ɐ waɪdə skeɪl.
LJ003-0036|Authority was given to raise money on the Orphans Fund to the extent of ninety thousand pounds.|ɐθɒɹɪti wɒz ɡɪvən tə ɹeɪz mʌnɪ ɒnðɪ ɔːfənz fʌnd tə ðɪ ɛkstɛnt ɒv naɪnti θaʊzənd paʊndz.
LJ045-0178|he left his wedding ring in a cup on the dresser in his room. He also left one hundred seventy dollars in a wallet in one of the dresser drawers.|hiː lɛft hɪz wɛdɪŋ ɹɪŋ ɪn ɐ kʌp ɒnðə dɹɛsəɹ ɪn hɪz ɹuːm. hiː ɒlsəʊ lɛft wɒn hʌndɹəd sɛvənti dɒləz ɪn ɐ wɒlɪt ɪn wɒn ɒvðə dɹɛsə dɹɔːz.
LJ006-0013|Sir Frederick Roe was of the same opinion as regards the appointment, but he would give the inspectors the power of acting as well as reporting.|sɜː fɹɛdɪɹɪk ɹəʊ wɒz ɒvðə seɪm əpɪniən az ɹɪɡɑːdz ðɪ ɐpɔɪntmənt, bʌt hiː wʊd ɡɪv ðɪ ɪnspɛktəz ðə paʊəɹ ɒv aktɪŋ az wɛl az ɹɪpɔːtɪŋ.
LJ026-0109|but no system of complete circulation as in the blood vessels of a higher animal.|bʌt nəʊ sɪstəm ɒv kəmpliːt sɜːkjʊleɪʃən az ɪnðə blʌd vɛsəlz əvə haɪəɹ anɪməl.
